Memorable Quotes
Cersei Lannister: "So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?"
Margaery Tyrell: "Not as well as you, I'm sure."
Cersei: "House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. Second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step. You'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle, as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds, larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally, one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?"
Margaery: "Gone?"
Cersei: "Gone? A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman and child, put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. 'And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear.' If you ever call me 'sister' again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep."

Tywin Lannister: "You seem rather drunk."
Tyrion Lannister: "Rather less than I planned to be. Isn't it a man's duty to be drunk at his own wedding?"
Tywin: "This isn't about your wedding. Renly Baratheon had a wedding. Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child. As soon as possible."
Tyrion: "And?"
Tywin: "If you're going to give her one, you need to perform."
Tyrion: "What did you once call me? A drunken, little lust-filled beast?"
Tywin: "More than once."
Tyrion: "There you have it! Nothing to worry about! Drinking and lust... no man can match me in these things! I am the God of tits and wine! I shall build... a shrine to myself, at the next brothel I visit!"
Tywin: "You can drink. You can joke. You can engage in juvenile attempts to make your father uncomfortable. But you will do your duty."

Joffrey Baratheon: "Congratulations, my lady."
Sansa Stark: "Thank you, your grace."
Joffrey: "We've done it. You've married a Lannister! Soon you will have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day!"
Sansa: "Yes, your grace."
Joffrey: "I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that? You wouldn't? Well, that's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boros will hold you down."

Joffrey: "Time for the bedding ceremony!"
Tyrion: "There will be no bedding ceremony."
Joffrey: "Where's your respect for tradition, uncle?! Come, everyone! Pick her up, and carry her to her wedding bed! Get rid of her gown, she won't be needing it any longer!" A visibly horrified Sansa crosses her arms as Joffrey points towards Tyrion. "Ladies! Attend to my uncle, he's not heavy!"
Tyrion: "There will be no bedding ceremony."
Joffrey: "There will be if I command it!"
Tyrion angrily slams his dagger into the table, startling Joffrey and eliciting horrified silence from the wedding-goers.
Tyrion: "Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!"
Tywin quickly rises to his feet.
Joffrey: "What did you say? What...did you...SAY!?"
Tyrion glares back at him, both of them shaking with rage.
Tywin: "I believe we can dispense with the bedding ceremony, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king."
Tyrion swallows his anger and laughs.
Tyrion: "A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small, my poor wife won't even know I'm there."
Tywin: "Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace."
Tyrion: "I am...guilty. But...but it is my wedding night. My tiny junk cock and I have a job to do. Come wife." A visibly relieved Sansa scurries away from Joffrey and follows Tyrion. "I vomited on a girl once. Middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife. Don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it. Put you in the mood."

