Memorable Quotes
Daenerys Targaryen: "Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are. Maybe none of you are. Maybe I should let the dragons decide."

Maester Aemon: "You will find little joy in your command. But, with luck, you'll find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy and let the man be born."
Ramsay Bolton: "You smell particularly ripe this evening. Pour me some wine. Do you have something to tell me?"
Theon Greyjoy: "No, my lord."
Ramsay: "Reek."
Theon: "She saw me."
Ramsay: "Who?"
Theon: "Sansa. Lady Sansa. She came to the kennels."
Ramsay: "She saw you?"
Theon: "Yes. I'm sorry, master. Forgive me. I didn't think..."
Ramsay: "Come here. You mustn't keep secrets from me, Reek. Get on your knees. Give me your hand." Theon obediently gives Ramsay his hand, expecting to be punished. "I forgive you."

Ramsay: "I heard you two had been reunited. A fitting place for it. I like to imagine the last time you spoke was in this very room. Are you still angry with him after he...what he did? Don't worry. The North remembers. I punished him for it. He's not Ironborn anymore. He's not Theon Greyjoy anymore. He's a new man. A new person anyway. Aren't you, Reek?"
Theon: "Yes Master."
Ramsay: "That's his new name. Reek."
Sansa Stark: "Why are you doing this?"
Ramsay: "Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? An apology? Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers."
Theon: "I'm sorry."
Ramsay: "Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye."
Theon: "I'm sorry."
Ramsay: "Sorry about what?"
Theon: "Killing your brothers."

Ramsay takes a moment to relish the anguish of Sansa and Theon before suddenly throwing up his hands.
Ramsay: "There! Over and done with it. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do." Sansa wipes away a tear. "That was getting very tense." Theon walks away from the table in shame. "You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone, Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek! You will give away the bride." Sansa turns to Ramsay in anger. "Someone has to. What better person? Good?" To Roose, who glares at his son. "Good?"
Roose Bolton: "Yes, yes, very good."
Ramsay: "Wonderful!"
Roose: "Walda and I have some good news as well. Since we're all together."
Walda Bolton: "We're going to have a baby!"
Ramsay's smile quickly fades.
Sansa Stark: "Very happy for you."
Roose: "From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy."
Ramsay takes a big gulp of wine and slams his goblet onto the table as Sansa looks at him and smirks.

Ramsay: "How can you be sure?"
Roose: "Sure of what?"
Ramsay: "That she's pregnant. I mean...how can you tell?"
Roose: "Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt."
Ramsay: "So...how did you manage it?"
Roose: "Manage what?"
Ramsay: "Getting her pregnant."
Roose: "I imagine you're familiar with the procedure?"
Ramsay: "Of course but how did you...find it?"
Roose: "You disgraced yourself at dinner. Parading that creature before the Stark girl."
Ramsay: "And if it's a boy?"
Roose: "You're worried about your position?"
Ramsay: "My position is quite clear. I'm your son. Until a better alternative comes along."

Roose: "You've never asked me about your mother."
Ramsay: "Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are."
Roose: "She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was a miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged, and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped, and the child thrown in the river. But then I looked at you, and I saw then what I see now. You are my son." As a visibly shaken Ramsay struggles to cope with this revelation, his father walks over to a map of the North. "Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black, but he won't stay for long. He wants the Iron Throne. He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to King's Landing comes right through Winterfell. He means to take the North. But the North is ours. It's yours and mine. Will you help me defeat him?"
Ramsay: "Yes."

