Memorable Quotes
Sansa Stark: "I know what Ramsay is. I know what he'll do to me. If I'm going to die, let it happen while there's still some of me left."
Myranda: "Dying? Who said anything about dying? You can't die. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. But I suppose he doesn't need all of you. Just the parts he needs to make his heir, until you've given him a boy or two and he's finished using them. Then, he's got incredible plans for those parts. So, shall we wait for him to come back, or should we begin now? You're leaving it to me? Good. Let's begin."
Myranda prepares to release her arrow but suddenly Reek grabs her by the waist, making her miss Sansa.
Mryanda: "Reek! Please...STOP!"
He throws her off the rampart to her death.

Arya Stark: "You know who I am? I'm Arya Stark. Do you know who you are? You're no one. You're nothing."
Myrcella Baratheon: "I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And I'm glad. I'm glad that you're my father."
High Sparrow: "A sinner comes before you, Cersei of House Lannister. Mother to His Grace, King Tommen, widow of His Grace, King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins, and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her... to you, the good people of this city. She comes before you with a solemn heart, shorn of secrets, naked before the eyes of gods and men, to make her walk of atonement."
Unella: "Shame, shame, shame."
Septa Unella keeps repeating "shame" three times and ringing a bell as she escorts Cersei back to the Red Keep with six members of the Faith Militant to protect her from the massive crowds who immediately begin pelting the once prideful Queen with vicious insults, such as "brotherfucker", and filth.

A naked and dirty Cersei finally enters the Red Keep with bloody feet, sobbing over what she just had to endure. Her uncle Kevan Lannister and Grand Maester Pycelle glare at her sternly as she passes, but Qyburn quickly comes to her side and wraps a Lannister cloak around her body.
Qyburn: "Your Grace. It's good to have you back. Come, we'll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet."
Cersei and Qyburn look up to see a huge man in Kingsguard armor, with a helmet that covers his entire face except for the eyes, surrounded by dead-looking grey flesh, are visible.
Qyburn: "May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard?" The silent behemoth picks up Cersei and follows Qyburn. "If it please Your Grace, he has taken a Holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak, until all His Graces' enemies are dead, and evil has been driven from the Realm."

Alliser Thorne: "For the Watch."
Othell Yarwyck: "For the Watch."
Bowen Marsh: "For the Watch."
Fourth mutineer: "For the Watch."
Fifth mutineer: "For the Watch."
Jon Snow falls to his knees after being stabbed five times, and lastly Olly approaches with tears in his eyes.
Jon Snow: "Olly."
After a moment of pause, Olly delivers the final blow.
Olly: "For the Watch."

