Memorable Quotes 
Stannis Baratheon: "My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources."
Shireen Baratheon: "Were you bored a lot too?"

Melisandre: "You know nothing, Jon Snow."
Jaime Lannister: "He murdered my father. If I ever see him, I'll split him in two, and then I'll give him your regards."
Bronn: "I've had an exciting life. I want my death to be boring."
Hizdahr zo Loraq: Urging Daenerys to reopen the fighting pits "All men must die. But not all can die in glory."
Hizdahr zo Loraq: "Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city - your city - together. Without them, the former slaves and former masters have nothing in common. Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start."

Selyse Baratheon: "You think highly of this boy."
Stannis Baratheon: "Lord Commander of the Night's Watch."
Selyse Baratheon: "A bastard by some tavern slut."
Stannis Baratheon: "Perhaps. But that wasn't Ned Stark's way."

Obara Sand: "Will it be war?"
Ellaria Sand: "Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves."
Obara Sand: "Without Doran, we have no army to march against the Lannisters."
Ellaria Sand: "We don't need an army to start a war. Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them."
Nymeria Sand: "You may have a problem."
Nymeria flicks her bullwhip, flipping over a bucket to reveal a gagged prisoner buried up to his neck in the sand, with scorpions crawling over him.
Obara Sand: "A ship's captain who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne."
Ellaria Sand: "He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose. Doran's way, and peace... or my way, and war."
Tyene Sand: "I'm with you. Always."
Ellaria smiles and strokes her cheek, then glances at Oberyn's two oldest daughters.
Ellaria Sand: "Nym?" After a measured pause, Nymeria nods. "Obara?"
Obara Sand: "When I was a child, Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet, he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young and a girl. Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, 'Girl or boy, we fight our battles but the Gods let us choose our weapons.' My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears." She yanks the spear out of the sand, twirls it expertly, then throws it, impaling their captive through the head. "I made my choice long ago."

