Memorable Quotes
Maggy: ""Everyone wants to know their future... until they know their future."

Maggy: "Three questions you get. You won't like the answers."
Cersei Lannister: "I've been promised to the Prince. When will we marry?"
Maggy: "You'll never wed the Prince. You'll wed the King."
Cersei: "But I will be queen."
Maggy: "Oh yes, you'll be queen...for a time. Then comes another, younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear."
Cersei: "W-will the King and I have children?"
Maggy: "No. The King will have twenty children, and you will have three."
Cersei: "But that doesn't make sense."
Maggy: "Gold will be their crowns, gold their shrouds."

Cersei Lannister: "Our father is dead and that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath! Did you set him free? Tyrion may be a monster, but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You're a man of action, aren't you? When it occurs to you to do something, you do it, never mind the consequences. Take a look. Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world."
Brienne of Tarth: "I don't want anyone following me. I'm not a leader. All I ever wanted was to fight for a lord I believed in. The good lords are dead and the rest of them are monsters."
Tyrion: (Standing again stiffly after sitting uncomfortably in the crate for days) "I still don't see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail!"
Varys: "I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that 'fucking crate'."
Tyrion: Do you know what it's like to stuff your shit through one of those air-holes?
Varys: No. I only know what it's like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard.

Varys: "We are talking about the future of our country."Tyrion: (Drunk and despondent) "The future is shit. Just like the past." (Tyrion vomits all the wine in his stomach onto the floor, then proceeds to pour himself another glass of wine)
Tyrion: "I will never sit on the Iron Throne."
Varys: "No, you won't but you could help another climb those steps, and take that seat. The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high Lords, and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions, with a powerful army and the right family name."
Tyrion: "Good luck finding him."
Varys: "Who said anything about him? You have a choice, my friend. You can stay here at Illyrio's palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Meereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for."
Tyrion: (Pauses, then earnestly) "Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?"

Daario Naharis "A Dragon Queen, with no dragons, is not a Queen."
Lord Yohn Royce: "He swings a sword like a girl with palsy."
Daenerys Targaryen: "I'm not a politician, I'm a Queen."
Cersei: "I doubt you ever led anyone anywhere."
Lancel: "I tempted you into our...unnatural relations. And of course...there was the king...his boar hunt...his wine..."
Cersei: ""I don't know what you're talking about."

Loras Tyrell: "Everyone knows everything about everyone."
Mance Rayder: "The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted."
Mance Rayder: "This was my home for many years. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come."
