David BenioffD.B. Weiss


David Nutter








The Dance of Dragons
The Red Woman




Mother's Mercy is the tenth and final episode of the fifth season of Game of Thrones. It is the fiftieth episode of the series overall. It premiered on June 14, 2015. It was written by David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, and directed by David Nutter.


Stannis marches. Dany is surrounded by strangers. Cersei seeks forgiveness. Jon is challenged.

 Summary 
 In the North 
As the snow begins to melt, Melisandre is elated. Still grieving, Stannis prepares to march on Winterfell. However, one of his generals informs him that nearly half of his men have deserted - mainly the sellswords, who have also run away with all their horses. Another soldier comes with more bad news: Selyse has hanged herself out of grief for her daughter. As he views her body, his general reports that Melisandre has fled.

    Battle of Winterfell.  
Marching across the fields with less than half the men he once had, Stannis has his men start preparing for the siege, but is instead met in combat early by the Bolton army. The mounted Bolton army easily defeats Stannis' tired and mountless army. Wounded and exhausted, Stannis fights off two remaining soldiers in the aftermath of the carnage and collapses against a tree.
Brienne of Tarth was warned by Podrick Payne of Stannis's arrival and leaves her watch for Sansa's signal. After the battle she waits and finds a wounded Stannis. She declares who she is and that her king was killed by his brother's shadow that bore his face, before drawing her sword to slay him. Stannis, having lost everything, simply accepts his fate to die: he tells Brienne to do her duty. After a moment's hesitation, Brienne swings her sword at him. Elsewhere, Ramsay finishes off the few remaining Baratheon soldiers and heads back to Winterfell.

    Theon and Sansa prepare to jump.  
In Winterfell itself, Sansa uses a corkscrew she pocketed earlier to escape her room, and seeks out the tower to light her signal. After the candle is lit, she sees the Boltons clash with Stannis's army and sees this as a time to slip out of Winterfell. Desperately running across the ramparts, she is caught by Myranda and Reek. Myranda threatens Sansa with a bow, however Sansa, weary and realizing she can't escape a shot from a bow, tells her to kill her while there is still a part of the real her left. Myranda tells Sansa that Ramsay needs her to have an heir and nothing more afterwards, but he does not need all of her in one piece to accomplish that. Sansa braces herself for the worst as Myrnada tenses her bow, but the worst does not come... for her anyway. Theon finally breaks the Bolton's hold on him and causes Myranda to misfire, then grabs and hurls the screaming sadist over the ramparts, where she is killed instantly upon impact with the stone floor of the courtyard far below. Sansa and Theon run, but with Ramsay just returning from the battle, they find themselves with nowhere to go. Hoping to land in deep snow and survive the long fall, the two of them grasp their hands together and jump off the rampart.

 In Braavos 
    Arya kills Meryn Trant  Ser Meryn Trant is looking upon three young girls in the Braavosi brothel. Of the three girls, two begin to cry and scream when they are whipped by Meryn, however the last girl has no reaction when whipped. Meryn sends the two weak girls away, and punches the last in the stomach. However, the last girl is revealed to be Arya Stark, after removing her fake face. She pulls out a knife and stabs Meryn in both eyes and chest repeatedly, and puts a gag in his mouth to silence his cries. She then reveals her identity and reminds Meryn of how he killed her dance master, Syrio Forel, before calling him 'no one' and slitting his throat.
Arya then returns to the House of Black and White and returns the face that she used to hide her identity. However, Jaqen H'ghar and the Waif appear and say that Meryn's life was not hers to take, and that a debt must be paid. The Waif grabs Arya as Jaqen pulls out a vial, presumably containing some kind of poison. However, he drinks the poison himself and collapses, with Arya screaming for him to stay alive. Arya states that he was her friend, and hears Jaqen's voice behind her say 'he was no one'. She turns around to see that the Waif now has Jaqen's face. Arya asks who the person on the floor with Jaqen's face is. Jaqen, in the Waif's body, says that he is no one. Arya begins to remove multiple faces from the person on the floor, until she sees her own face. She then begins to lose her sight as her eyes turn white and screams for help.

 In Meereen 
With Daenerys gone, her council is unsure on how they should continue. Tyrion addresses both Jorah and Daario's feelings for her, understanding all too well how one could love the wrong woman. The three argue about Jorah's betrayal, but they will not make any judgments without Daenerys first. The dragon was seen taking her north and that is where they need to search for their queen. Grey Worm, still recovering from his injuries, offers to go with Jorah and Daario, as does Tyrion. Daario firmly nixes both ideas: Grey Worm is needed to command the Unsullied in keeping the city under control, while Tyrion is the only one of them to have any actual political experience. He expresses confidence that with Missandei's help, the pair of them should be able to keep Meereen under control until they return with Daenerys.
As Tyrion watches Daario and Jorah depart the city, Varys calmly walks up to Tyrion. Teasing Tyrion about abandoning him in Volantis, he is pleased to see Tyrion already settling into a role that suits him. He reminds Tyrion that he has experience running a city full of people trying to kill each other, and implies that he   and his little birds   are there to help.

In the Dothraki Sea
    A khalasar surrounds Daenerys.  Meanwhile, Daenerys finds herself far away from Meereen, atop an impressive hill in a sea of green grass. Drogon is still recovering from the wounds he received from the arena in Meereen and is uninterested in flying back. Unfortunately, he's also not interested in finding them any food. Daenerys wanders away to find something for them, but is thrown to see a trio of Dothraki bloodriders emerge. Within minutes, an entire khalasar has her surrounded. Understanding what might happen to her, she quickly removes a ring and drops it in the grass, determined to leave a trail.
 In Dorne 
    Ellaria kisses Myrcella goodbye  
Jaime, Bronn, Myrcella and Trystane say their farewells to the Martells to return to King's Landing. Upon saying goodbye, Ellaria Sand kisses Myrcella on the lips, while Tyene Sand flirts with Bronn. Aboard the ship, Myrcella and Jaime talk about Cersei. Jamie begins to come clean to Myrcella, awkwardly telling her that we cannot choose who we love. Myrcella then reveals that she knows that Jamie is her real father, and that she is glad that he is, and the two embrace. However, Myrcella's expression changes, the smile fades on her face and her nose starts to bleed. She collapses in Jaime's arms. Back in Dorne, Ellaria wipes the blood from her nose and takes the antidote for the poison coated on her lips.

 In King's Landing 
    Cersei prepares for her penance.  Septa Unella enters Cersei's cell and orders her to confess. Finally giving in, Cersei is brought before the High Sparrow to confess her sins. She confesses her adultery with Ser Lancel, but denies her incestuous relationship with her brother Jaime. Cersei begs to be allowed to go to the Red Keep to see her son Tommen. The High Sparrow grants her request but say that there will still be a trial to ascertain the truth behind the other charges that she still denies: incest and regicide. Cersei is brought to a cell where she is stripped naked and roughly washed before her hair is quickly cut short. She is brought outside were she has to walk naked through the streets of Kings Landing from the Great Sept of Baelor to the Red Keep as punishment. Accompanied by Septa Unella, who repeats the word shame three times and rings a bell every few steps, and six members of the Faith Militant, Cersei performs her walk of atonement amidst the leering crowds who immediately begin pelting her with filth and vicious insults, such as cunt and brotherfucker. With bloody feet, Cersei eventually makes it to the Red Keep and bursts into tears. Upon entering the gates, Cersei finds her uncle Kevan Lannister, Grand Maester Pycelle and Qyburn waiting for her. Qyburn attempts to comfort her by covering her body with a cloak. Heavy footsteps are heard, and Qyburn introduces Cersei to the newest member of the Kingsguard: a 7-8 foot tall man in golden armor. Qyburn suggests Cersei go inside where he can attend to her feet, which are badly injured, when the huge knight lifts her up and carries her away.
 At The Wall 
Jon Snow tells Sam what he witnessed at Hardhome. He hopes the White Walkers can't climb the Wall as there is not enough Dragonglass or Valyrian steel in Westeros to combat them. Sam asks Jon if he can travel to Oldtown to study and replace Aemon as the new Maester of the Watch. He feels there is no other way he can help them as he cannot fight, he is also afraid for Gilly and her child's safety, and wishes to take them along. Jon reminds him that the The Citadel will also not allow Sam to be with women, but is humored to hear that it is already too late for that. Sam promises he will return, they toast to that and Jon sees his only friend off.
Davos, having returned to Castle Black at Stannis' orders, urges Jon to convince the Wildlings for aid. Jon refuses him, saying that they wouldn't side with Stannis and this is not their fight. Both of them are shocked to see a speechless and despondent Melisandre return to the Wall. Ser Davos pressures Melisandre for news, specifically asking after Shireen, but Melisandre remains silent. After seeing the empty look in her eyes, Davos lets her leave.

    Olly deals the final blow to the Lord Commander.  
That night, Jon is reading messages when his steward Olly tells him that a wildling knows of the whereabouts of his long missing uncle. Jon Snow quickly rushes with Thorne to a gathered group of Watch men, only to see a placard with the word traitor written on it. He turns around to find his Brothers staring him down. Thorne makes the first move and stabs the Lord Commander. For the Watch Thorne says, as well as the others as they close in and continue stabbing him. One after another, Jon Snow is betrayed, For the Watch. Finally a tearful-eyed Olly approaches last. After a moment of pause Jon gasps Olly before Olly delivers the final blow, repeating the pledge. The brothers leave Jon to die alone in the snow.

 
Deaths 
 Queen Selyse Baratheon
 Baratheon General
 Gordy
 Simpson
 King Stannis Baratheon
 Myranda
 Princess Myrcella Baratheon
 Ser Meryn Trant
 Lord Commander Jon Snow


Memorable Quotes
Sansa Stark: "I know what Ramsay is. I know what he'll do to me. If I'm going to die, let it happen while there's still some of me left."
Myranda: "Dying? Who said anything about dying? You can't die. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. But I suppose he doesn't need all of you. Just the parts he needs to make his heir, until you've given him a boy or two and he's finished using them. Then, he's got incredible plans for those parts. So, shall we wait for him to come back, or should we begin now? You're leaving it to me? Good. Let's begin."
Myranda prepares to release her arrow but suddenly Reek grabs her by the waist, making her miss Sansa.
Mryanda: "Reek! Please...STOP!"
He throws her off the rampart to her death.

Arya Stark: "You know who I am? I'm Arya Stark. Do you know who you are? You're no one. You're nothing."
Myrcella Baratheon: "I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And I'm glad. I'm glad that you're my father."
High Sparrow: "A sinner comes before you, Cersei of House Lannister. Mother to His Grace, King Tommen, widow of His Grace, King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins, and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her... to you, the good people of this city. She comes before you with a solemn heart, shorn of secrets, naked before the eyes of gods and men, to make her walk of atonement."
Unella: "Shame, shame, shame."
Septa Unella keeps repeating "shame" three times and ringing a bell as she escorts Cersei back to the Red Keep with six members of the Faith Militant to protect her from the massive crowds who immediately begin pelting the once prideful Queen with vicious insults, such as "brotherfucker", and filth.

A naked and dirty Cersei finally enters the Red Keep with bloody feet, sobbing over what she just had to endure. Her uncle Kevan Lannister and Grand Maester Pycelle glare at her sternly as she passes, but Qyburn quickly comes to her side and wraps a Lannister cloak around her body.
Qyburn: "Your Grace. It's good to have you back. Come, we'll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet."
Cersei and Qyburn look up to see a huge man in Kingsguard armor, with a helmet that covers his entire face except for the eyes, surrounded by dead-looking grey flesh, are visible.
Qyburn: "May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard?" The silent behemoth picks up Cersei and follows Qyburn. "If it please Your Grace, he has taken a Holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak, until all His Graces' enemies are dead, and evil has been driven from the Realm."

Alliser Thorne: "For the Watch."
Othell Yarwyck: "For the Watch."
Bowen Marsh: "For the Watch."
Fourth mutineer: "For the Watch."
Fifth mutineer: "For the Watch."
Jon Snow falls to his knees after being stabbed five times, and lastly Olly approaches with tears in his eyes.
Jon Snow: "Olly."
After a moment of pause, Olly delivers the final blow.
Olly: "For the Watch."

