
Syrio Forel: "There is only one god. And his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: not today."

Bronn: "I'll stand for the dwarf."
Robert Baratheon: "Back in our day, you weren't a real man until you'd fucked one girl from each of the Seven Kingdoms and the Riverlands. We used to call it 'making the eight'."
Littlefinger: "A bold move, my lord. And admirable. But is it wise to yank the lion's tail? Tywin Lannister is the richest man in all Seven Kingdoms. Gold wins wars, not soldiers."
Eddard Stark: "Then how come Robert is king, and not Tywin Lannister?"

Arya Stark: "Can't we take Syrio back with us?"
Sansa Stark: "Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can't go! I'm supposed to marry Prince Joffrey! I love him! And I'm meant to be his queen and have his babies!"
Arya Stark: "Seven hells!"
Eddard Stark: "When you're old enough, I'll make you a match with someone who is worthy of you. Someone who is brave and gentle and strong."
Sansa Stark: "I don't want someone brave and gentle and strong. I want him." Arya and Ned barely restrain a giggle at Sansa's distress. "He'll be the greatest king there ever was, a golden lion, and I'll give him sons with beautiful blond hair."
A look of realization spreads across Ned's face after listening to the last part of Sansa's statement.
Arya Stark: "The lion's not his sigil, idiot. He's a stag like his father."
Sansa Stark: "He is not! He is nothing like that old, drunk king."
Eddard Stark: "Go on, girls. Get your septas and start packing your things."
Sansa Stark: "Wait!"
Arya Stark: "Come on!"
Sansa Stark: "But it's not fair!"
The girls leave the room and Eddard sits down at his table, reopening the book of lineages to the page of the Baratheon family.
Eddard Stark: "Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair...Axel Baratheon, black of hair...Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair...Steffon Baratheon, black of hair...Robert Baratheon, black of hair...Joffrey Baratheon, goldenhead."

Khal Drogo: "You are no King."
Viserys Targaryen: "I want what I came for. I want the crown he promised me. He bought you, but he never paid for you. Tell him I want what was bargained for, or I'm taking you back. He can keep the baby, I'll cut it out and leave it for him." Drogo replies in Dothraki. "What's he saying?"
Daenerys Targaryen: "He says yes. He says you shall have a golden crown... that men shall tremble to behold."

Viserys: "Dany! Dany tell them! Make them! Make them! No, you can't! Please DANY PLEASE!!!"
Drogo: "A crown for a king!"
Drogo pours molten gold on Viserys's head, making him scream in agony, and quickly looks into his eyes one last time before he dies. His bloodriders let his corpse fall to the ground and the solidifying gold on his skull makes a metallic clank.
Jorah Mormont: "Khaleesi?"
Daenerys: "He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon."

