
Jaime Lannister: "It must be strange for you, coming into this room. I was standing right here when it happened. He was very brave, your brother. Your father too. They didn't deserve to die like that; nobody deserves to die like that."
Eddard Stark: "But you just stood there and watched."
Jaime: "Five hundred men just stood there and watched. All the great knights of the Seven Kingdoms, you think anyone said a word, lifted a finger? No, Lord Stark. Five hundred men and this room was silent as a crypt...except for the screams, of course, and the Mad King laughing. And later, when I watched the Mad King die, I remembered him laughing as your father burned...it felt like justice."
Eddard: "Is that what you tell yourself at night? You're a servant of justice? That you were avenging my father when you shoved your sword in Aerys Targaryen's back?"
Jaime: "Tell me, if I'd stabbed the Mad King in the belly instead of the back, would you admire me more?"
Eddard: "You served him well. When serving was safe."

Eddard: "War was easier than daughters!"
Cersei Lannister: "When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor. Someday, you'll sit on the throne, and the truth will be what you make it."
Joffrey Baratheon: "Do I have to marry her?"
Cersei: "Yes, she's very beautiful, and young...and if you don't like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions, and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses...and if you'd rather fuck painted whores, you'll fuck painted whores. And if you'd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it. You are my darling boy, and the world will be exactly as you want it to be."

Cersei: "Everyone who isn't us is an enemy."
Benjen Stark: "You're no ranger. Here, a man gets what he earns, when he earns it."
Jaime: "I think we can outfox a ten year old."
Cersei: "And my husband?"
Jaime: "I'll go to war with him if I have to...they can write a ballad about us, 'the War for Cersei's Cunt'!"
Cersei slaps Jaime. He chuckles, and she tries to slap him again, but he grabs her arm and holds her from behind firmly but gently
Cersei: (annoyed) "Let me go..."
Jaime: (impassioned) "Never."
Cersei: "Let me go..."
Jaime: (whispering reassuringly in Cersei's ear) "The boy won't talk. And if he does, I'll kill him, Ned Stark, the king, the whole bloody lot of them until you and I are the only people left in this world."(Cersei and Jaime quietly sink into a loving embrace)

Robert Baratheon: What about Aerys Targaryen? What did the Mad King say, when you stabbed him in the back? I never asked. Smirks Did he call you a traitor? Did he plead for a reprieve?
Jaime: "He just said the same thing he'd been saying for hours... 'Burn them all.'" Robert's smile vanishes. "If that's all, Your Grace."

Benjen Stark: "We've been receiving disturbing reports."
Jon Snow: "What kind of reports?"
Benjen Stark: "The kind I don't want to believe."

Maester Aemon: The Starks are always right eventually; winter is coming. This one will be long and dark things will come with it...When winter does come, gods help us all if we're not ready!
