David Benioff & D.B. Weiss


Alan Taylor








A Man Without Honor
Blackwater




This article is about the actual episode. You may be looking for the title or the holder of that title, Theon Greyjoy.


The Prince of Winterfell is the eighth episode of the second season of Game of Thrones. It is the eighteenth episode of the series overall. It premiered on May 20, 2012. It was written by executive producers David Benioff & D.B. Weiss and directed by co-executive producer Alan Taylor.
The episode won a Creative Arts Emmy Award for Costumes in a Series in September 20121. 



Theon holds the fort; Arya calls in her debt with Jaqen; Robb is betrayed; Stannis and Davos approach their destination. Bran and Rickon Stark are revealed to be alive.


Beyond the Wall
Ygritte brings Jon Snow before the Lord of Bones, who orders him executed, because he has already captured Qhorin Halfhand and doesn't need two crows for questioning. Ygritte convinces him to spare Jon because of his Stark blood. Qhorin initiates a plan to install Jon as a spy within the wildling ranks.
Grenn and Samwell Tarly discover a cache of dragonglass weapons at the Fist of the First Men. Jon's absence has been noted, but Sam refuses to believe that he is dead.

Across the Narrow Sea
Ser Jorah Mormont advises Daenerys Targaryen to leave her dragons and flee Qarth, as he has recently booked passage to Astapor. She insists on attempting to reclaim them and asks Ser Jorah to lead her to the House of the Undying, without knowing what lies in wait. 

In the Seven Kingdoms
    Theon gives Dagmer a pouch of gold to compensate for the killing of the orphans.  
Yara Greyjoy arrives at Winterfell with a small band of men, but instead of bringing reinforcements she offers Theon only advice. Winterfell is too far from the sea, they can't successfully defend it with so few soldiers, and the North is rising against him. She implores Theon to abandon the castle and return home with her, but he refuses to give up his prize. Dagmer tells Theon that after killing the orphans, he also murdered the farmer and his wife.

    Bran overhears Luwin and Osha.  
Luwin spots Osha sneaking into the catacombs. He follows her inside, and she explains that after reaching the farm she doubled back, using a stream to mask their scent from the hounds. Luwin urges her not to tell Bran and Rickon about the children Theon had murdered, but Bran is sitting up behind a corner and listening to them.
Stannis Baratheon's fleet is closing in on King's Landing. Stannis tells Davos that he admires him and offers him the Hand of the King role once he takes the throne.  
Tyrion Lannister scours history books seeking inspiration for his plans to defend the city. He takes advice from Bronn and Varys and infers that he has decided to make use of the stocks of wildfire. King Joffrey Baratheon is full of bravado, but his mother is worried about letting him fight. She tries to ensure his safety by kidnapping the prostitute Ros, believing that she is Tyrion's lover. Tyrion is relieved that Shae is safe but vows revenge against his sister. 

    Arya gives Jaqen his own name  
Lord Tywin Lannister is torn between needing to defend King's Landing and wanting to drive King Robb Stark from the Westerlands. He decides to march west, leaving Arya Stark at Harrenhal to serve his castellan, Ser Gregor Clegane. Realizing that she has missed her chance to kill Tywin, Arya pressures the assassin Jaqen H'ghar into aiding her escape from Harrenhal. She forces him to help her by giving him his own name as the third death he promised. She will only revoke his name when he agrees to break her and her friends out of the fortress. Arya, Hot Pie, and Gendry walk through the gates at midnight, as Jaqen instructed. They escape Harrenhal, realizing that the guards have been killed.
Robb is furious when he learns that his mother Catelyn Stark has freed his prized captive Ser Jaime Lannister. He tells her that she has betrayed him and orders her kept under guard. Catelyn has sent Brienne of Tarth to escort Jaime to King's Landing to exchange him for her daughters, Sansa and Arya. Brienne uses a canoe to evade pursuit. Robb plans to relieve Winterfell by turning Theon's men against him with an offer of mercy, issuing his orders to the bastard of the Dreadfort through Roose Bolton. Robb seeks solace in the arms of Lady Talisa Maegyr, ignoring his betrothal to House Frey.



Borba, killed off-screen by the Lord of Bones' warband
Harker, killed off-screen by the Lord of Bones' warband
Stonesnake, killed off-screen by the Lord of Bones' warband



Yara Greyjoy: "Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?"
Cersei Lannister: "Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?"
Tyrion Lannister: "Because he has thousands of spies in his employ? Because he knows everything we do before we do it?"
Cersei: "Because he doesn't have a cock."
Tyrion: "Neither do you."
Cersei: "Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking for you."
Tyrion: "It's not that little."
Tyrion: "I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid."
Joffrey Baratheon: "They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile, from ear to ear."
Dagmer: "What's this?"
Theon Greyjoy: "Gold...for the farmer. For his...trouble."
Dagmer: "His troubles are done. He's feeding the crops now. His wife too. You want to keep a man silent, you silence him."
Osha: "Who was that out there...hung from the gates?"
Luwin: "Must have been the farmer's boys."
Osha: "He killed them and burned them....and passed them off as the little lords?"
Luwin: "Shh, shh, shh. They mustn't know. Bran would blame himself."
Osha: "They'll never hear it from me. The little lads have suffered enough."


