King Robb Stark: "Is that all of them? Ser Brynden nods It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?"
Lord Rickard Karstark: "Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance!"
Robb: "Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield and Torrhen--"
Rickard: "Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin--"
Robb: "They were boys! Look at them."
Rickard: "Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I."
Robb: "My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason."
Rickard: "It's treason to free your enemies. In war you kill your enemies. Did your father not teach you that, boy--" Brynden punches Rickard
Robb: "Leave him."
Rickard: "Aye, leave me to the King. He wants to give me scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason, our King in the North. Or should I call him "the King who lost the North?"
Robb: To Brynden "Escort Lord Rickard to the dungeon. Hang the rest."
Karstark lookout: "Mercy, Sire, I didn't kill anyone, I only watched for the guards!"
Robb: "This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die."

Edmure Tully: "Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews, the Lannisters pay their debts. They never stop talking about that."
Robb Stark: "Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?"
Edmure Tully: "It wouldn't be lying. We'll bury them and remain silent until the war is done."
Robb Stark: "I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how high-born! He has to die."
Catelyn Stark: "The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their Lord."
Talisa Maegyr: "Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you."
Robb Stark: "You tended to their wounds, you brought them supper. Now they're dead."
Talisa Maegyr: "And more boys will keep dying until this war is over! You need Karstark men to end it!"
Catelyn Stark: "Spare his life, keep him as a hostage."
Edmure Tully: "A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed."

Rickard Karstark: "The blood of the First Men flows in my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin, Stark and Karstark."
Robb Stark: "That didn't stop you from betraying me, and it won't save you now."
Rickard Karstark: "I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days!"
Robb Stark: "Kneel, my Lord. Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of Gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?"
Rickard Karstark: "Kill me and be cursed! You are no King of mine!"

Ser Jaime Lannister: "There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?"
Lady Brienne of Tarth: "Of course."
Jaime: "The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city. Beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. "You can trust the Lannisters," he said. "The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown." So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to bring him my father's head. Then he turned to his pyromancer. "Burn them all," he said. "Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds." Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. "Burn them all," he kept saying. "Burn them all." I don't think he expected to die. He- he meant to... burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me."
Brienne: If this is true... why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Jaime: "Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right?"

Lady Olenna Tyrell: to Tyrion Lannister I was told you were drunk, impertinent and thoroughly debauched. You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper.
Tywin Lannister: "You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed."
Tyrion Lannister: "I was wed! Or don't you remember?"
Tywin: Grits his teeth. "Only too well."
Cersei Lannister: "You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve."
Tywin: "Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you."
Cersei: "What do you mean?"
Tywin: "You'll marry Ser Loras."
Cersei: "I will not."
Tywin: "The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach."
Cersei: "No, I won't do it."
Tywin: "Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed."
Cersei: "I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare!"
Tywin: "YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all."
Cersei: "Father, don't make me do it again, please."
Tywin: "Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long."

