Memorable Quotes
Tyrion Lannister: Reading "'Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey.' Is that bad poetry, or is it supposed to mean something?"
King Joffrey Baratheon: "Robb Stark is dead! And his bitch mother!" to Pycelle "Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head." Almost giggling "I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast."
Varys: "Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage."
Queen Regent Cersei Lannister: "A joke. Joffrey did not mean it."
Joffrey: Mildly confused "Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast."
Tyrion: "No. She is no longer yours to torment."
Joffrey: "Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster."
Tyrion: "Oh, I'm a monster? Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies."

Joffrey: "I am the king!" Varys rolls his eyes as Joffrey continues to threaten Tyrion. "I will punish you!"
Lord Tywin Lannister: "Any man who must say, "I am the king" is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you."
Joffrey: Fuming "My father won the real war! He killed Prince Rhaegar! He took the crown while you hid under Casterly Rock!"
A long, tense silence ensues as the rest of the Council stares at Joffrey in shock. Even Joffrey seems to realize that he may have said something rash. The silence is finally broken by Tywin.
Tywin: "The king is tired. See him to his chambers."
Cersei: "Come along."
Joffrey: "I'm not tired."
Cersei: "We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest."
Tywin: "Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep."
Joffrey: "I'm not... TIRED!
Tywin tilts his head and smirks at his grandson.
Cersei: "Come."

Tyrion: "Walder Frey gets all the credit, or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action, unless he had certain assurances."
Tywin: "Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?"
Tyrion: "I'm all for cheating, this is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding..."
Tywin: "Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner."
Tyrion: "So that's why you did it? To save lives?"
Tywin: "To end the war, to protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead! Write one. I'm in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood."
Tyrion: "The Northerners will never forget."
Tywin: "Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the South.

Tywin: "The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its' sons and daughters first. A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position, regardless of his own selfish desires. Tyrion smirks. Does that amuse you?"
Tyrion: "No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family, when you're making all the decisions!"
Tywin: "Easy for me, is it?"
Tyrion: "When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest, but solely for the benefit of the family?"
Tywin: "The day that you were born! Tyrion is caught off-guard as Tywin explains. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live, and I've brought you up as my son. Because you're a Lannister!"

Lord Walder Frey: "'The late Walder Frey' old Tully called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty...but look at us now, Tully! You're dead, your daughter's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I am Lord of Riverrun!"
Walder: "They all laughed at me, all those high lords. They all thought they were better than me. Ned Stark, Hoster Tully...people snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?!"
Roose Bolton: "You'll be needing a new young girl."
Walder: "Yes...got that to look forward to. And you...the Warden of the North! No more Starks to bow and scrape to! Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country."
Roose: "He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant..."
Walder: "Calling himself 'The Young Wolf'...how's that for pomposity?! "Well..." raises his goblet in mock toast "...here's to the Young Wolf!" He makes a mocking wolf howl.
Roose: "Forever young."

Yara Greyjoy: "I'm going to choose the 50 best killers on the Iron Islands. I'm going to sail up the Narrow Sea all the way to the Weeping Water. I'm going to march on the Dreadfort. I'm going to find my little brother and I'm going to bring him home."
Ramsay Snow: "When people talk about phantom limbs, an amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered, do eunuchs have a phantom cock? Next time you think about naked girls, will you feel an itch?"
Theon Greyjoy: "Reek. My name is Reek."
