
Lord Edmure Tully: to King Robb "If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing--"
Ser Brynden Tully: "Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew". He is your king."
Edmure: "Robb knows I meant him no disr--"
Brynden: "You're lucky, I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag."
Edmure: "My blunder sent Tywin's mad dog scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. There's glory enough to go around!"
King Robb Stark: "It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you."
Edmure: "I seized an opportunity."
Robb: "What value was the mill?"
Edmure: "The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it."
Robb: "Is he there now?"
Edmure: "Of course not. We took the fight to him! He could not withstand us."
Robb: "I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill."

King Robb Stark: "Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his father's brother's great-grandsons?"
Edmure: "No."
Robb: "How many men did you lose?"
Edmure: "208. But for every man we lost, the Lannisters..."
Robb: "We need our men more than Tywin needs his!"
Edmure: "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
Robb: "You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient."
Brynden: "We seem to be running short of patience here."
Robb: "You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister."

Barristan Selmy: "When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, your Grace. I bled beside him."
Jorah Mormont: "Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly. And Rhaegar died."
Daenerys Targaryen: "Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?"
Barristan: "I did, your Grace. Finest man I ever met.
Daenerys: "I wish I had known him, but he was not the last dragon."

Ser Jaime Lannister: "I hope you're pleased. If you had armed me, they never would have taken us."
Lady Brienne of Tarth: "You were armed when we were taken."
Jaime: "I was in chains if you recall. Our little match would have ended quite quick if my hands weren't bound."
Brienne: "All my life I've been hearing, "Jaime Lannister, what a brilliant swordsman." You were slower than I expected. And more predictable--"
Jaime: "I've been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year."
Brienne: "And I'm a woman. I was still beating you."
Jaime: "You were not beating me."
Brienne: "Maybe you were as good as people said... once. Or maybe people just love to overpraise a famous name."

Locke: "You think you're the smartest man there is. That everyone alive has to bow and scrape and lick your boots."
Jaime: "My father--"
Locke:" And if you get in any trouble, all you got to do is say "my father" and that's it, all your troubles are gone."
Jaime: "Don't."
Locke: "Have you got something to say? threatens Jaime with a knife Careful. You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that. Here, this should help you remember!" cuts Jaime's hand off

Mance Rayder: "And whether he is Lord Commander of the Night's Watch or a blue-eyed corpse, he's a long way from home.

