Memorable Quotes
Tyrion Lannister: "Pod.... there has never lived a more loyal squire."

Tywin Lannister: "So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?"
Tommen Baratheon: "Wisdom?"
Tywin: "Yes!"
Tommen: "Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Tywin: "Yes. But what is wisdom? Hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which isn't? You've any experience of treasuries and granaries or shipyards and soldiers?"
Tommen: "No."
Tywin: "No, of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his counselors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards. Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, perhaps he'd still be alive."

Jaime Lannister: "You're a hateful woman. Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman?"
Petyr Baelish: "Money buys a man's silence for a time. A bolt in the heart buys it forever."
Tywin: "We are not Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead, the Greyjoys are in open rebellion, a wildling army marches on the Wall and in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons."
Oberyn Martell: "You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit."
Tywin: "We need each other. You help me serve justice to the King's assassins, and I will help you serve justice to Elia's."

The Hound has just stolen silver from a farmer with a child.
Arya Stark: "You are the worst shit in the Seven Kingdoms!"
The Hound: "There's plenty worse than me. I just understand the way things are. How many Starks they got to behead before you figure it out?"

Olenna Tyrell: "Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier."
