Memorable Quotes
Qyburn: "You should know, the process may change him, somewhat."
Cersei Lannister: "Will it weaken him?"
Qyburn: "Oh no."

Cersei Lannister: "Joffrey is dead, Myrcella has been sold like livestock, and now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy! Margaery will dig her claws in, you will dig your claws in, and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen!"
Tywin Lannister: "And how will you do that?"
Cersei Lannister: "I'll tell everyone the truth."
Tywin Lannister: "What truth would that be?"
Cersei Lannister  "You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying? Of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there, in front of you, and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you would have known."
Tywin Lannister: "Known what?"
Cersei Lannister: "Everything they say is true about Jaime and me."
Tywin Lannister: "No, no, no, no..."
Cersei Lannister: "Your legacy is a lie!"
Tywin Lannister: "No, I don't believe you."
Cersei Lannister: "Yes, you do."

Cersei Lannister: "I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister, I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them! They're all so small, I can't even see them. I only see what matters."
Tyrion Lannister: "Oh, get on with it, you son of a whore."
Jaime Lannister  "Is that any way to speak about our mother?"

Tywin Lannister: "Tyrion. Put down the crossbow. Who released you? Ah, your brother, I expect. He always had a soft spot for you. Come, we'll go and talk in my chambers." Tyrion holds up the crossbow as Tywin makes to stand. This is how you want to speak to me, hmm? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure..."
Tyrion Lannister: "All my life... you've wanted me dead?"
Tywin Lanniser: "Yes. But you refused to die. I respect that; even admire it. You fight for what's yours. I'd never let them execute you. Is that what you fear? I'd never let Ilyn Payne take your head. You're a Lannister. You're my son."

Tyrion Lannister: "I am your son, and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn't poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?"
Tywin Lannister: "Enough. We'll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity."
Tyrion Lannister: "I can't go back there. She's in there."
Tywin Lannister: "You're afraid of a dead whore?" Tyrion fires a crossbow bolt into Tywin's gut, making him grunt with pain as he is slammed back into the wall from the force. "You shot me." He groans in pain as Tyrion loads another bolt, and gives him one last hateful glance. "You're no son of mine."
Tyrion Lannister: "I am your son. I have always been your son."
Tyrion fires another bolt into Tywin's chest and kills him.

Bran Stark: "You're going to help me walk again?"
Three-eyed raven: "You will never walk again, but you will fly."

Maester Aemon: "They came to us from White Harbor and Barrowton, from Fairmarket and King's Landing. From north and south, from east and west. They died protecting men, women, and children who will never know their names. It is for us to remember our brothers. We shall never see their like again."
Black brothers: "And now their watch is ended."
Maester Aemon: "And now their watch is ended."

Sandor Clegane: "Fancy sword you got there, where you get it? I've been looking at Lannister gold all my life; go on Brienne of fucking Tarth, tell me that's not Lannister gold."
Brienne: "Come with me, Arya. I'll take you to safety."
Sandor: "Safety?! Where the fuck's that? Her aunt in the Eyrie is dead, her mother's dead, her father's dead, her brother's dead, Winterfell is a pile of rubble. There is no safety, you dumb bitch. You don't know that by now, you're the wrong one to watch over her."
Brienne: "That's what you're doing? Watching over her?"
Sandor: "Aye. That's what I'm doing."

Sandor Clegane  "Are you still here? Big bitch saved you."
Arya Stark  "I don't need saving."
Sandor  "No, not you. You're a real killer, with your water-dancing and your Needle."
Arya  "You going to die?"
Sandor  "Unless there's a maester hiding behind that rock... aye. I'm done. I'd skin you alive for wine." Arya reaches for her waterskin. "Fuck waterǃ Killed by a woman. I bet you like that. Go on. Go after her. She'll help you." Arya shakes her head. "Going it alone, you won't last a day out there."
Arya  "I'll last longer than you."
Sandor  "You remember where the heart is?" Arya nods. "Fuck it... I'm ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me." Arya just stares at him. "I cut down your butcher's boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. 'Please, ser, please don't kill meǃ Pleaseǃ Pleaseǃ' Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butcher's boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I should've taken her, that night the Blackwater burned. I should've fucked her bloody. At least I'd have one happy memoryǃ Do I have to beg you? Do it." His voice breaks. "Do it. Do itǃ" Arya stands and approaches him, hand on her swordhilt...but instead she kneels and takes his gold pouch "Kill me. Kill meǃ KILL MEǃ KILL MEǃǃǃ"

