Tywin Lannister: "If serving as a glorified bodyguard is the sum of your ambition, go serve."
Jaime Lannister: "I suppose you want the sword back."
Tywin Lannister: "Keep it. A one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get."

Cersei Lannister: "Let's see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark, and disappeared from the capital. My husband died in a tragic hunting accident."
Jaime: "It must have been 'traumatic' for you."
Cersei: "My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne, we suffered through a siege-"
Jaime Lannister: "A rather short siege."
Cersei: "A rather short siege that I didn't expect to survive, and now I'm marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden, while I'm supposed to marry her brother, a renowned 'pillow-biter' so..."
Jaime: "Father disowned me today."
Cersei: "He can't disown you, you're all he's got."
Jaime: "You're forgetting Tyrion."
Cersei: "You don't really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you?"
Jaime: "Staying in the Kingsguard mean I'll live right here in the Red Keep. With you."
Jaime leans in to kiss Cersei but she pulls away.
Cersei: "Not now."
Jaime: "I want...not now?! When? I've been back for weeks! Something's changed?"
Cersei: "Everything's changed! You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same?!"
Jaime: "What do you want me to apologize for?!"
Cersei: "For leaving me!"
Jaime: "You think I wanted to be taken prisoner?"
Cersei: "I don't know what you wanted, you weren't here. You left me. Alone."
Jaime: "Every day I was a prisoner, I plotted my escape. Every day. I murdered people so I could be here with you!"
Cersei: "You took too long."
Jaime: "I...what are you saying?!"
Cersei: "I'm saying you took too long."

Prince Oberyn Martell: "The King's own uncle Imp, Tyrion, son of Tywin, Lannister. And what are you, his hired killer?"
Bronn: "Started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight."
Oberyn: "How did that come to pass?"
Bronn: "Killed the right people, I suppose."

Oberyn: "The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the last dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast, Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen...left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city."
Tyrion Lannister: "I wasn't actually present."
Oberyn: "They butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her?" Oberyn lifts his chin with a finger until their eyes are locked. "I'm asking you a question."
Tyrion: "I've heard rumors."
Oberyn: "So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain, raped Elia and split her in half with his greatsword."
Tyrion: "I wasn't there. I don't know what happened..."
Oberyn: "If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. Tell your father I'm here. Tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts."

Alliser Thorne: "You always know when a man's telling a lie? How did you acquire this magical power?"
Maester Aemon: "I grew up in King's Landing."

Arya Stark: "You're fine with murdering little boys, but thieving is beneath you?"
Sandor Clegane: "A man's got to have a code."

Arya Stark: "He killed Lommy..."
Sandor Clegane: "What the fuck's a Lommy?"

Polliver ​ "You don't seem to understand the situation..."
Sandor Clegane​: "I understand that if any more words come pouring out your cunt mouth, I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room."

Grey Worm: "You are not a smart man, Daario Naharis."
Daario Naharis: "I'd rather have no brains... and two balls."

