
Sansa Stark: "I beg pardon, Ser. I should have come to you after, to thank you for saving me. You were so brave." 

The Hound: "Brave? A dog doesn't need courage to chase off rats." 

Sansa: "Does it give you joy to scare people?" 

The Hound: "No, it gives me joy to kill people. Spare me. You can't tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man." 

Sansa: "It was his duty. He never liked it."
The Hound: "Is that what he told you? He lied. Killing is the sweetest thing there is." 

Sansa: "Why are you always so hateful?" 

The Hound: "You'll be glad of the hateful things I do some day, when you're Queen and I'm all that stands between you and your beloved King."
                                                   
Theon Greyjoy: "I'm looking at spending the rest of life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people!"
                                                   
Cersei Lannister: to Sansa "Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front a mother has no choice."Sansa: "But shouldn't I love Joffrey, Your Grace?"Cersei: "You can try, Little Dove."
                                                   
Cersei: "Sometimes, I wonder..."
Tyrion Lannister: "What?"
Cersei: "If this is the price for what we've done. For our sins."
Tyrion: "Sins? The Targaryens..."
Cersei: "Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. It's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? 'Every time a Targaryen is born, the gods flip a coin.'"
Tyrion: "You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them."
                                                   
Rickard Karstark: "Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death!"
                                                   
Jaime Lannister: "Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark. I would have come to your defense, but ..."
Catelyn Stark: "Take him to the stockades. Bind him with every chain you can find!"
Jaime: "You've become a real she-wolf in your later years. There's not much fish left in you."
Catelyn: "And gag him!"
                                                   
Catelyn: "You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took."
Jaime: "So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the King, obey the King, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the King? What if the King massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?"
Catelyn: "She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer."
Jaime: "Kingslayer. And what a king he was! Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the second of his name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back!"
Catelyn: "You are a man without honor."
Jaime: "Do you know I've never been with any woman but Cersei? So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of the bastard he fathered?"
Catelyn: "Brienne."
Jaime: "No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now when- when good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman."

