
Tyrion Lannister: "I don't like threats."
Varys: "Who threatened you?"
Tyrion Lannister: "I am not Ned Stark, I understand the way this game is played."
Varys: "Ned Stark was a man of honor."
Tyrion: "And I am not, threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea."
Varys: "You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go, the big fish eat the little fish and I keep on paddling. Come my lord, we shouldn't keep the queen waiting."

Janos Slynt: "The man was a traitor. He tried to buy my loyalty."
Tyrion: "The fool. He had no idea you were already bought."
Janos: "Are you drunk? I won't have my honor questioned by an imp."
Tyrion: "I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence."
Janos: "If you think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf!"
Tyrion: "'Dwarf?' You should have stopped at 'imp'. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here. I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war. And seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about."
Janos: "What are you...my friends at court will not allow this! The Queen herself..."
Tyrion: "The Queen Regent! And you're a fool to believe she is your friend."
Janos: "We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this!"
Tyrion: "No, we shan't. There's a ship leaving for Eastwatch-by-the-Sea tonight. From there, it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful...in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way."

Tyrion: "If I told you to murder an infant girl, say still at her mother's breast, would you do it, without question?"
Bronn: "Without question? No. I'd ask how much."

Theon Greyjoy: "The sea is in my blood."
Yara Greyjoy: "Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going."

Balon Greyjoy: "Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy. What have they give back?"
Theon: "A man. Your blood and your heir."
Balon: "We shall see."

Balon: "My fears have come true...the Starks have made you theirs."
Theon: "My blood is salt and iron."
Balon: "Yet the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven clutching his message."
Theon: "The offer he makes is one I proposed."
Balon: "He heeds your counsel?"
Theon: "I've lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side. He thinks of me as a brother."
Balon: "No, not here, not in my hearing. You will not name him brother, this son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword. Or have you forgotten your own blood?"
Theon: "I forget nothing. I remember my brothers. And I remember when my father was a king."

Balon: "No man gives me a crown. I pay the Iron price. I will take my crown, for that is who I am. That is who we have always been."
Cersei Lannister: "You want to be Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is; lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root, one by one, before they strangle you in your sleep!"
Tyrion: "I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling than that."
Cersei: "I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously; you haven't, Jaime hasn't! It's all fallen on me."
Tyrion: "As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon."
Cersei: "You're funny. You've always been funny, but none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? Do you remember, back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death?"
Tyrion: "She was my mother, too."
Cersei: "Mother gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that."

Salladhor Saan: "Cersei. I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I'll fuck this blond queen and I'll fuck her well."
Matthos Seaworth: "This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the Queen!"
Salladhor: "I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her."
Matthos: "As if she would just let you."
Salladhor: "You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you."

