
Lorren: "We caught this one on this way back from Torrhen's Square. Took out two of ours before I got his sword."
Prince Theon Greyjoy: "Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes."
Ser Rodrik Cassel: "It grieves me that you have less honor than a back-alley whore! You were raised here, under this roof! These people are your people!"
Theon: "They are not my people."
Rodrik: "King Robb thought of you as a brother!"
Theon: "My brothers are dead! They died fighting Stark men; men like you!"
Rodrik: "Aye, they died fighting a war your father started! Lord Stark raised you among his own sons!"
Theon: "Among them, but not one of them! I was his hostage, taken from my home!"
Rodrik: "If he were alive to see this..."
Theon: "He's not, he's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war and Winterfell is mine!"
Rodrik: "I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand!"
Theon: "You've served this house faithfully, old man, but keep talking and I'll..." Rodrik spits in Theon's face "Take him to the cells and lock him up!"
Dagmer: "My Prince! You cannot let that stand, he must pay."
Theon: "I'll lock him in his cell until he rots..."
Dagmer: "No! He has to pay the iron price. They'll never respect you while he lives."
Theon glances to the frightened Stark boys and Maester Luwin, then back to Ser Rodrik
Theon: "Ser Rodrik! I sentence you to death!"
Bran Stark: "No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded!"
Theon: "The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut!"
Luwin: "I urge you not to make a hasty decision."
Theon: "He disrespected me in front of my men! That was his decision, not mine!"
Luwin: "He's worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think on what you do."
Theon glances at Dagmer, who shakes his head.
Theon: "You'll address me as Prince Theon, or you'll be next."
Dagmer: "Come."
Bran: "No!"
Rickon Stark: "No!"
Bran: "THEON! Please! Rodrik! Please stop, please!"
Rodrik: "He who passes the sentence should swing the sword!"
Bran: "I'm begging you!"
Rodrik: "Coward!"
Theon draws his sword.
Bran: "STOP! Stop right now!"
Theon "You don't give commands anymore, little Lord!"
Bran: "Please stop!"
Rodrik: "Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father."
Bran: "You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come to them, please!"
Theon: "Any last words, old man?"
Rodrik: "Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now, you are truly lost."

Cersei Lannister: "One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much...when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone...to truly love someone...before I take her from you."
Joffrey walks back to the Red Keep with his retinue, ignoring the pleas and insults of the starving refugees, until one of them throws cow excrement in his face, prompting his Kingsguard to draw swords.
King Joffrey Baratheon: "Who threw that? I want the man who threw that. Find who did that and bring him to me! Just kill them! Kill them all!"

Sandor Clegane fights through the crowds to get a protesting King Joffrey to safety after he just stupidly incited a riot.
Joffrey: "What are you doing? I want these people executed!"
Sandor Clegane: "They want the same for you!"

A city wide riot starts in King's Landing after King Joffrey orders his men to attack a crowd of peasants, and the royal party barely makes it back within the gate of the Red Keep as the streets descend into chaos.
Joffrey: "Traitors! I'll have all their heads!"
Tyrion Lannister: "Oh you blind, bloody fool!"
Joffrey: "You can't insult me!"
Tyrion: "We've had vicious kings, and we've had idiot kings...but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!"
Joffrey: "You, you can't!"
Tyrion: "I can, I am!"
Joffrey: "They attacked me!"
Tyrion: "They threw a cowpie at you! So you decide to kill them all? They're starving, you fool! All because of a war you started!"
Joffrey: "YOU'RE TALKING TO A KING!"
Tyrion slaps Joffrey across the face, sending him sprawling
Tyrion: "And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist?" To the guards "Where is the Stark girl?"
Joffrey: growling "Let them have her!"
Tyrion: "If she dies you'll never get your uncle Jaime back! You owe him quite a bit, you know!"

Catelyn Stark: "I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!"
Robb Stark: "I must go north at once."
Roose Bolton: "There's still a war to win, Your Grace."
Robb: "How can I call myself king if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I can't..."
Roose: "You are a king. And that means you don't have to do everything yourself."
Catelyn: "Let me go and talk to Theon."
Robb: "There will be no talk. He will die for this."
Roose: "Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run. If you march all the way back north now, you'll lose what you gained. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head."
Robb: "Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon, I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why. And then I'll take his head myself."

