
After a day of being tormented by Joffrey, Sansa Stark attends an awkward dinner with Cersei, and her younger children Myrcella and Tommen. Everyone eats wordlessly until Myrcella finally breaks the awkward silencePrincess Myrcella Baratheon: (to Cersei) "When will Joffrey and Sansa be married?"
Queen Cersei Lannister: "Soon darling, when the war is over."
Myrcella: (to Sansa) "Mother says I'll have a new gown for the ceremony, and another for the feast." (Quickly thinking of something nice to say to Sansa) "But yours will be ivory, since you're the bride."(Sansa sits in a stunned silence after being reminded that she will be forced to marry Joffrey)
Cersei: (to Sansa) "The princess just spoke to you."
Sansa Stark: (to Cersei) "Pardon, your grace." (to Myrcella) "I'm sure your dress will be beautiful, Myrcella. I'm counting the days until the fighting's done, and I can pledge my love to the king in sight of the Gods."
Prince Tommen Baratheon: (to Cersei) "Is Joffrey going to kill Sansa's brother?"
Cersei: "He might. Would you like that?"
Tommen: (pausing to weigh the question) "No...I don't think so."
Cersei: (smiling coldly at Sansa) "Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty. Won't you, little dove?"

At Pyke, Balon Greyjoy looks over a map with Yara and Theon.Lord Balon Greyjoy: "The wolf pup has gone south with the entirety of the northern army at his back. While he's tangling with the lion in the Westerlands, the North is ripe for the taking. The ironborn will reave and pillage as it was in the old days all along the northern coast. We'll spread out dominion across the green lands securing the Neck and everything above. Every stronghold will fall to us one by one."
Balon: "What are our words? Our words?"
Theon Greyjoy: "'We Do Not Sow.'"
Balon: "'We Do Not Sow.' We are Ironborn. We're not subjects, we're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mines. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak."
Theon: "You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away if you remember. The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you! Did you take what was yours then?" Balon slaps Theon and strides away. "You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore! And now you curse me because I've come home!"
Balon strides away while Yara approaches her brother.
Yara Greyjoy: "You'd have our father bow down to your other family?"
Theon: "I have no other family!"
Yara : "Don't you?" Yara turns to leave as well. "Make your choice, Theon, and do it quickly! Our ships sail with or without you."

Cersei: "You monster! Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I will let you sell her like a common whore!?"
Tyrion Lannister: "Myrcella is a princess! Some would say she was born for this!"
Cersei: "I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon!"
Tyrion: "Dorne is the safest place for her."
Cersei: "Are you mad? The Martells loathe us!"
Tyrion: "That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started!"
Cersei: "She'll be a hostage!"
Tyrion: "A guest."
Cersei: "You won't get away with this! You think the piece of paper father gave you keeps you safe? Ned Stark had a piece of paper too."

Tyrion: "You disappoint me, Grand Maester."
Pycelle: "I am your loyal servant."
Tyrion: "So loyal that you told the queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne."
Pycelle: "No, never! It's a falsehood, I swear it! It wasn't me. Ah, Varys! It was Varys, the Spider..."
Tyrion: "See, I told Varys that I was giving the princess to the Greyjoys. I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn. I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish. No one but you."

Tyrion Lannister: "Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats."
Timett: "There are no goats, halfman!"
Tyrion: "Well, make do!"

Tyrion: "How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark, Jon Arryn..."
Pycelle: "Lord Arryn! He knew, he knew the truth about the-the Queen and he planned to act, to tell King Robert!"
Tyrion: "So you poisoned him?"
Pycelle: "No! Never!"
Tyrion: "But you let him die! Made sure he succumbed!"
Pycelle: "Lannister, I've always served Lannister!"
Tyrion: "Get him out of my sight! Throw him in one of the black cells!"

