
Jaime Lannister: "If the gods are real, why is the world so unjust?"
Catelyn Stark: "Because of men like you."
Jaime: "There are no men like me. Only me."
                                                   
Mirri Maz Duur: "Why don't you take a look at your khal? Then you will see exactly what life is worth when all the rest has gone."
                                                   
Joffrey Baratheon: "I tell you what. I'm gonna give you a present. After I raise my armies, and kill your traitor brother, I'm going to give you his head as well."
Sansa Stark: "Or maybe he'll give me yours."
                                                   
Jeor Mormont: "When dead men, and worse, come hunting for us in the night, do you think it matters who sits on the Iron Throne?"
Jon Snow: "No."
Jeor Mormont: "Good. Because I want you and your wolf with us when we ride out beyond the Wall tomorrow."
Jon Snow: "Beyond the Wall?"
Jeor Mormont: "I will not sit meekly by and wait for the snows. I mean to find out what's happening. The Night's Watch will ride in force against the wildlings, the White Walkers, and whatever else is out there. And we will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead. I will command them myself. So I will only ask you once, Lord Snow, are you a brother of the Night's Watch, or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?"    
                                                   
Jon Umber: "Renly Baratheon means nothing to mean, nor Stannis neither. Why should they rule over me and mine from some flowery seat in the South? What do they know of the Wall or the Wolfswood. Even their gods are wrong. Why shouldn't we rule ourselves again? It was the dragons we bowed to, and now the dragons are dead. There sits the only king I mean to bend my knee to: The King in the North."
                                                   
Theon Greyjoy: "Am I your brother, now and always?"
Robb Stark: "Now and always."
                                                   
Daenerys Targaryen: "I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, of the blood of old Valyria. I am the dragon's daughter, and I swear to you that those who would harm you will die screaming."
Mirri Maz Duur: "You will not hear me screaming."
Daenerys: "I will. But it is not your screams I want. Only your life."
                                                   
Kevan Lannister: "Perhaps we should sue for peace."
Tyrion knocks his glass to the floor, shattering it.
Tyrion Lannister: "There's your peace. Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Stark's head. You'll have an easier time drinking out of that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now. He's winning, in case you hadn't noticed."
                                                   
Tywin Lannister: "You were right about Eddard Stark. If he were alive, we could've used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with Robert's brothers, but now? Madness! Madness and stupidity! I always thought you were a stunted fool. Perhaps I was wrong."
Tyrion: "Half wrong. I'm new to strategy, but unless we want to be surrounded by three armies, it appears we can't stay here."
Tywin: "No one will stay here. Ser Gregor will head out with five hundred riders and set the Riverlands on fire from Gods Eye to the Red Fork. The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal. And you will go to King's Landing."
Tyrion: "And do what?"
Tywin: "Rule. You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead. You'll bring that boy-king to heel, and his mother too, if needs be. And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest...Baelish, Varys, Pycelle..."
Tyrion: "Heads, spikes, walls. Why not my uncle? Why not anyone? Why me?"
Tywin: "You're my son."

