
Eddard Stark: "Robert..."
Robert Baratheon: "What? Noticing his unbuttoned shirt and protruding belly. Oh. An inspiring sight for the people! Come, bow before your king! Bow, ya shits!"

Renly Baratheon: "Such a shame, Littlefinger. It would have been so nice for you to have a friend!"
Petyr Baelish: "And tell me, Lord Renly, when will you be having your friend?"

Littlefinger: "Loras knew his mare was in heat. Quite crafty, really."
Sansa Stark: "Ser Loras would never do that. There is no honor in tricks."
Littlefinger: "No honor, but quite a bit of gold."

Tyrion Lannister: "This isn't the Kingsroad, you said we were riding for Winterfell."
Catelyn Stark: "I did. Often, and loudly."

Tyrion Lanniser: "Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts."
Tyrion Lannister: "What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?"
Rodrik Cassel: "Shall I gag him?"
Tyrion Lannister: "Why? Am I starting to make sense?"

Bran Stark: "The Greyjoys."
Theon Greyjoy: "Famous for their skills at archery, navigation and lovemaking."
Luwin: "And failed rebellions."

Luwin: (to Bran) "When you were born, I was the one who pulled you from your mother. I placed you in her arms. From that moment, and till the moment she dies, she will love you absolutely... fiercely."
Varys: "North or south, they sing no songs for spiders. But there are things you must know. You are the King's Hand and the King is a fool, your friend I know, but a fool, and doomed unless you save him."
Eddard Stark: "Jon was a man of peace. He was Hand for seventeen years, seventeen good years. Why kill him?"
Varys: "He started asking questions."

Goldcloak 1: "Off with you. No begging."
Arya Stark: "I'm not a beggar, I live here."
Goldcloak 1: "Do you want a smack on your ear to help with your hearing?"
Arya: "I want to see my father."
Goldcloak 2: "I wanna fuck the queen, for all the good it does me."
Goldcloak 1: "You want your father, boy? He's lying on the floor of some tavern, getting pissed on by his friends."
Arya: "My father is Hand of the King. I'm not a boy, I'm Arya Stark of Winterfell. And if you lay a hand on me, my father will have both your heads on spikes. Now, are you going to let me by, or do I have to smack you on the ear to help with your hearing?"

Varys: "The wolf and the lion will be at each other's throats. We will be at war soon, my friend."
Illyrio Mopatis: "What good is war now? We are not ready. We need time. Khal Drogo will not make his move until his son is born."
Varys: "Delay, you say. Move fast, I reply. This is no longer a game for two players."

Petyr Baelish: "All desires are valid to a man with a full purse."
Tyrion: "The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable."
Bronn: "Give me ten good men and some climbing spikes. I'll impregnate the bitch."

Robin Arryn: "Mummy, I want to see the bad man fly."
Loras Tyrell: "Do you know who should be king?"
Renly Baratheon: "Be serious."
Loras Tyrell: "I am. My father could be your bank. I've never fought in a war before. But I'd fight for you."
Renly Baratheon: "I'm fourth in line."
Loras Tyrell: "And where was Robert in the line of royal succession? Joffrey is a monster, Tommen is eight."
Renly Baratheon: "Stannis?"
Loras Tyrell: "Stannis has the personality of a lobster."
Renly Barethon: "He's still my older brother."

Renly Baratheon: "Robert's rather tasteless about it. I swear, every time he talks about killing her the table rises six inches."
Loras Tyrell: "Shame he can't muster the same enthusiasm for his wife."

Robert Baratheon: "Do you want to know the horrible truth? I can't even remember what she looked like. I only know she was the one thing I ever wanted. Someone took her away from me, and seven kingdoms couldn't fill the hole she left behind."
Cersei Lannister: "I felt something for you once you know."
Robert Baratheon: "I know."
Cersei Lannister: "Even after we lost our first boy, for quite a while actually. Was it ever possible for us? Was there ever a time ever a moment?"
Robert Baratheon: "No...does that make you feel better or worse?"
Cersei Lannister: "It doesn't make me feel anything."

