
Joffrey Baratheon: "Better-looking bitches than you're used to, Uncle. My mother's been looking for you. We ride for King's Landing today."
Tyrion Lannister: "Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies."
Joffrey: "What good will my sympathies do them?"
Tyrion: "None. But it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted."
Joffrey: The boy means nothing to me. And I can't stand the wailing of women. Ah!"
Tyrion: "One word and I"ll hit you again"
Joffrey: "I'm telling mother! Aw!"
Tyrion: "Go! Tell her! But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them. Do you understand?"   
Joffrey: "You can't...Eh!"
Tyrion: "Do you understand?"

Sandor Clegane: "The Prince will remember that, little Lord."
Tyrion: "I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him."

Jaime Lannister: "But even if the boy lives, he would be a cripple, a grotesque. Give me a good, clean death any day."
Tyrion: "Speaking for the grotesques, I have to disagree. Death is so final, yet life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake. I'd be very interested to hear what he has to say."
Jaime: "My dear brother, there are times you make me wonder whose side you're on."
Tyrion: "My dear brother, you wound me. You know how much I love my family."

Jon Snow: "Stick 'em with the pointy end."
Arya Stark: "I know which end to use."

Eddard Stark: "There's great honor serving in the Night's Watch. The Starks have manned the Wall for thousands of years, and you are a Stark. You may not have my name, but you have my blood."
Jon: "Is my mother alive? Does she know about me, where I am? where I'm going? Does she care?"
Eddard: "The next time we see each other, we'll talk about your mother. I promise."

Robert Baratheon: "Yours was Aleena? No? You told me once. Meryl? Your bastard's mother?"
Eddard: "Wylla."
Robert: "That's it. She must have been a rare wench to make Lord Eddard Stark forget his honor. You never told me what she looked like."
Eddard: "Nor will I."

Robert Baratheon: "I swear, if I weren't your king, you'd have hit me already."
Eddard: "The worst thing about your coronation. I'll never get to hit you again."

Robert: "Oh, it's unspeakable to you? What her father did to your family, that was unspeakable! What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister, the woman I loved! I'll kill every Targaryen I get my hands on!"
Eddard: "But you can't get your hands on this one, can you?"

Catspaw assassin: "You're not supposed to be here. No one is supposed to be here. It's a mercy. He's dead already."
Joffrey: "I'll get you, you little cunt!"
Cersei Lannister: "She's as wild as that animal of hers. I want her punished."
Robert: "What would you have me do? Whip her through the streets? Damn it, children fight! It's over!"
Cersei: "Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life."
Robert: To Joffrey "You let that little girl disarm you? Ned, see to that your daughter is disciplined. I'll do the same with my son."
Eddard: "Gladly, your Grace."

Eddard: "The wolf is of the North. She deserves better than a butcher."
Eddard: "The butcher's boy? You rode him down?"
Sandor: "He ran. Not very fast."

