
Cersei Lannister: "Jaime and I are more than brother and sister. We shared a womb. We belong together."
Cersei: "When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."
Littlefinger: "You know what I learnt losing that duel? I learnt that I'll never win. Not that way. That's their game, their rules. I'm not going to fight them. I'm going to fuck them. That's what I know, that's what I am, and only by admitting what we are can we get what we want."
Ros: "And what do you want?"
Littlefinger: "Oh, everything, my dear. Everything there is."
Robert Baratheon: "I hereby command Eddard of House Stark to serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm until my son Joffrey comes of age."
Eddard Stark (writing): "I hereby command Eddard of House Stark to serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm until my rightful heir comes of age."
Eddard: "I will not dishonor Robert's last hours by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds."
Eddard: "What you suggest is treason."
Littlefinger: "Only if we lose."
Littlefinger (to Eddard): "I did warn you not to trust me."
Eddard Stark​: "You've always hated him."​Cersei​: "Hated him? I worshipped him. Every girl in the Seven Kingdoms dreamed of him, but he was mine by oath.  And when I finally saw him on our wedding day in the Sept of Baelor, lean and fierce and black-bearded, it was the happiest moment of my life. And that night, he crawled on top of me, stinking of wine, and did what little he could do. And whispered in my ear, 'Lyanna.' Your sister was a corpse, and I was a living girl, and he loved her more than me."
Khal Drogo (in Dothraki): "And to my son, the stallion who will mount the world, I will also pledge a gift. I will give him the iron chair that his mother's father sat upon. I will give him Seven Kingdoms. I, Drogo, will do this. I will take my Khalasar west to where the world ends and ride wooden horses across the black salt sea as no Khal has done before. I will kill the men in iron suits and tear down their stone houses. I will rape their women, take their children as slaves and bring their broken gods back to Vaes Dothrak. This I vow. I, Drogo, son of Bharbo. I swear before the Mother of mountains as the Stars look down in witness. As the stars look down in witness. As the stars look down in witness."

