Memorable Quotes
Davos Seaworth: "I've never been much of a fighter. Apologies for what you're about to see."

Alliser Thorne: "You fucking traitor!"
Eddison Tollett: "The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commander's heart!"
Alliser: "For thousands of years, the Night's Watch held Castle Black against the wildlings."
Tormund: "Until you."

Jaime Lannister: "You imprisoned and humiliated my sister."
High Sparrow: "Your sister sought the gods' mercy and atoned for her sin."
Jaime: "What about my sins? I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape their justice. What atonement do I deserve?"
High Sparrow: "You would spill blood in this holy place?"
Jaime: "Oh, the gods won't mind. They've spilled more blood than the rest of us combined."

Maester Wolkan: "My lords. Lady Walda has given birth. A boy. Red-cheeked and healthy."
Harald Karstark: "My congratulations, Lord Bolton.
Ramsay Bolton: Embraces Roose "Congratulations, Father. I look forward to meeting my new brother."
Roose Bolton: "You'll always be my firstborn."
Ramsay: "Thank you for saying that. It means a great deal to me." Flesh squelches as Ramsay stabs his father, making him groan. Roose looks his son in the eye as he slowly falls to the floor and dies. "Maester Wolkan, send ravens to all the northern houses. Roose Bolton is dead. Poisoned by our enemies. How did he die?"
Wolkan: "Poisoned by his enemies."
Harald: "You're talking to your lord. Use respect."
Wolkan: "Forgive me, my lord."
Ramsay Bolton: "Send for Lady Walda and the baby."

Walda Bolton: "Ramsay, where is your father? Ramsay. Where is Lord Bolton?"
Ramsay: "I am Lord Bolton."
Walda: "Ramsay. Ramsay, please. I'll leave Winterfell. I'll go back to the Riverlands. Please. Ramsay. He's your brother."
Ramsay: "I prefer being an only child."

Theon Greyjoy: "We shouldn't be lighting fires. It's not safe. He won't stop hunting us.
Sansa Stark: "We just have to make it to Castle Black. Once we're with Jon, Ramsay won't be able to touch us."
Theon: "Jon will have me killed the moment I step through the gate."
Sansa: "I won't let him. I'll tell him the truth about Bran and Rickon."
Theon: "And the truth about the farm boys I killed in their place? And the truth about Ser Rodrik, who I beheaded? And the truth about Robb, who I betrayed?"
Sansa: "When you take the black, all your crimes are forgiven."
Theon: "I don't want to be forgiven. I can never make amends to your family for the things I've done." Turns toward Brienne and Podrik. " They'll keep you safer than I ever could."
Sansa: "You're not coming with us?"
Theon: "I would have taken you all the way to  the Wall. I would have died to get you there."

Yara Greyjoy: "I won't apologize for trying to rescue Theon."
Balon Greyjoy: "Then where is he!?"
Yara: "Where is your kingdom? We took those castles because the Northerners marched off to war. That war is over. The last time we provoked them too far, I watched from that window as they breached our walls and knocked down our towers! I lost two brothers that day!"
Balon: "And I lost three sons! The "War of the Five Kings", they call it, well the other four are dead! When you rule the Iron Islands, you can have all the peace you want, but for now, shut your mouth and obey, or I will make another heir who will!"

Balon: "I thought you'd be rotting under some foreign sea by now."
Euron Greyjoy: "What is dead may never die. Has the custom changed since I've been gone? Aren't you supposed to repeat the words?"
Balon: "You can mock our god without my help."
Euron: "I don't mock the Drowned God. I am the Drowned God. From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray. You're old, brother. You've had your time. Now let another rule."
Balon: "I heard you lost your mind during a storm on the Jade Sea. They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard."
Euron: "They did."
Balon: "And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues."
Euron: "I needed silence."
Balon: "What kind of an ironborn loses his senses during a storm?"
Euron: "I am the storm, brother. The first storm and the last. And you're in my way."

Davos: "I assume you know why I'm here."
Melisandre: "I will after you tell me."
Davos: "It's about the Lord Commander."
Melisandre: "The former Lord Commander."
Davos: "Does he have to be?"
Melisandre: "What are you asking?"
Davos: "Do you know of any magic... that could help him? Bring him back?"
Melisandre: "If you want to help him, leave him be."
Davos: "Can it be done?"
Melisandre: "There are some with this power."
Davos: "How?"
Melisandre: "I don't know."
Davos: "Have you seen it done?"
Melisanre: "I met a man who came back from the dead, but the priest who did it...it shouldn't have been possible."
Davos: "But it was. It could be now."
Melisandre: "Not for me."
Davos: "Not for you? I saw you drink poison that should have killed you. I saw you give birth to a demon made of shadows."
Melisandre: "Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie. You were right all along. The Lord never spoke to me."
Davos: "Fuck him then. Fuck all of them. I'm not a devout man, obviously. Seven gods, drowned gods, tree gods, it's all the same. I'm not asking the Lord of Light for help. I'm asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist."
Melisandre: "I've never had this gift."
Davos: "Have you ever tried?"

