Memorable Quotes
Arthur Dayne: "Lord Stark."
Eddard Stark: "I looked for you on the Trident."
Arthur: "We weren't there."
Gerold Hightower: "Your friend the Usurper would lie beneath the ground if we had been."
Eddard: "The Mad King is dead, Rhaegar lies beneath the ground. Why weren't you there to protect your prince?"
Arthur: "Our prince wanted us here."
Eddard: "Where's my sister?"
Arthur: "I wish you good fortune in the wars to come." He and Gerold don their helms. "And now it begins."
The two Kingsguard draw their swords.
Eddard: "No, now it ends."

Ramsay Bolton: "When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners."
Smalljon Umber: "Your father was a cunt."
Ramsay Bolton: "My beloved father, the Warden..."
Smalljon Umber: "Your father was a cunt, and that's why you killed him. I might've done the same to my father if he hadn't done me the favor of dying on his own."
Ramsay Bolton: "My father was poisoned by our enemies."
Smalljon Umber: "Mmm."
Ramsay: "Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?"
Smalljon: "The bastard Jon Snow led an army of wildlings past the Wall. We're farther north than any of you fuckers. Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first. I like fighting wildlings. Been doing it all my life. But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone."
Ramsay: "So now you've come seeking help?"
Smalljon: "We need to help each other. The colder it gets, the farther south those goat fuckers will roam. Won't take them long to get here."
Ramsay: "You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?"
Smalljon: "If they got Jon Snow leading them, maybe. He knows this place better than we ever will."
Ramsay: "Pledge your banners to House Bolton. Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends."
Smalljon: "I'm not kissing your fucking hand."
Ramsay: "Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord."
Smalljon: "I'm not doing that either."
Ramsay: "Why would I trust a man who won't honor tradition?"
Smalljon: "Your father honored tradition. Knelt for Robb Stark. Called him King of the North. Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?"
Ramsay: "Then it appears we're at a bit of an impasse."
Smalljon: "Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths. I've got a gift for you."

Jon Snow: "If you have any last words, now is the time."
Bowen Marsh: "You shouldn't be alive. It's not right."
Jon: "Neither was killing me."
Othell Yarwyck: "My mother is still living in White Harbor, could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildlings."
Alliser Thorne: "I had a choice, Lord Commander. Betray you or betray the Night's Watch. You brought an army of wildlings into our lands. An army of murderers and raiders. If I had to do it all over again knowing where I'd end up, I pray I'd make the right choice again."
Jon Snow: "I'm sure you would, Ser Alliser."
Alliser Thorne: "I fought, I lost. Now I rest. But you, Lord Snow, you'll be fighting their battles forever."
Jon approaches Olly, who refuses to speak and glares furiously at Jon.

Jon walks toward Eddison Tollett after publicly hanging Alliser, Bowen, Othell, and Olly.
Eddison Tollett: "We should burn the bodies."
Jon: "You should."
Jon hands his black cloak to Edd.
Edd: "What do you want me to do with this?"
Jon: "Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black. My watch has ended."

