Memorable Quotes
Daenerys Targaryen: "How do I know you are who you say you are?"
Tyrion Lannister: "If only I were otherwise!"
Daenerys Targaryen: "If you are Tyrion Lannister, why shouldn't I kill you to pay your family back, for what it did to mine?"
Tyrion Lannister: "You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother, Joanna Lannister, on the day I was born! I killed my father, Tywin Lannister, with a bolt to the heart! I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time!"
Daenerys Targaryen: "So, I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?"
Tyrion Lannister: "Into your service? Your Grace, we have only just met. It's too soon to know if you deserve my service."

Daenerys Targaryen: "I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name."
Tyrion Lannister: "So, here we sit. Two terrible children of two terrible fathers."
Daenerys Targaryen: "I'm terrible?"
Tyrion Lannister: "I've heard stories."
Daenerys Targaryen: "Why did you travel to the far side of the world to meet someone terrible?"
Tyrion Lannister: "To see if you were the right kind of terrible."
Daenerys Targaryen: "What kind is that?"
Tyrion Lannister: "The kind that prevents your people from being more so."

Tyrion Lannister: "When you get back to your home, who supports you?"
Daenerys Targaryen: "The common people."
Tyrion Lannister: "Let's be generous and assume that's going to happen. Here in Slaver's Bay, you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like? Ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone. Not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well. Our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining members of House Lannister will never back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won't back you either. His entire claim to the throne rests on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, not enough."
Daenerys Targaryen: "Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell...they're all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that one's on top, and on and on it spins, crushing those on the ground."
Tyrion Lannister: "It's a beautiful dream...stopping the wheel. You're not the first person who's ever dreamed it."
Daenerys Targaryen: "I'm not going to stop the wheel. I'm going to break the wheel."

Sansa Stark: "Why? Why Theon?"
Reek: "Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek!"
Sansa Stark: "Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?"
Reek: "I was helping you. You wanted to escape. There is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him. He caught him, strapped him to a cross, cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left."
Sansa Stark: "Good. If it weren't for you, I'd still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did right here, right now, I would."
Reek: "I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb...captured Winterfell...killed those boys."
Sansa Stark: "They weren't 'those boys', they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers. You've known them since they were born!"
Reek: "They weren't! They were only..."
Sansa Stark: "Only what?"
Reek: "I can't!"
Sansa Stark: "Tell me!"
Reek: "I can't! Not unless the master says..."
Sansa Stark: "Tell me! They weren't what?"
Reek: "They were only..."
Sansa Stark: "Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be gone while you still breath the air!" Grabs Reek by the face and shakes his head. "Tell me to my face, Theon! TELL ME THAT THEY WEREN'T YOUR BROTHERS!"
Reek: "They weren't Bran and Rickon!" Pause "I couldn't find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know."
Sansa Stark: "You didn't?" Theon shakes his head. "Do you know where they went? Bran and Rickon?"
Reek: "I can't talk to you anymore."
Sansa Stark: "Theon, you have to tell me. Do you have any idea where..."
Reek: "Not Theon! Reek!"

Ramsay Bolton: "Stannis isn't from the North. You are, father. I think you're missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders."
Roose Bolton: "And what do you recommend?"
Ramsay Bolton: "That we not sit and wait for Stannis to decide what sort of fight this is going to be. That we hit fast, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows."
Roose Bolton: "A smart commander does not abandon a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls, they can't touch us. Not to mention the snow is so deep, we couldn't get an army through to engage them even if we wanted to."
Ramsay Bolton: "I don't need an army. I need 20 good men."

Jon Snow: "The Long Night is coming, and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The Free Folk can't stop them. The Night's Watch can't stop them, and all the Southern kings can't stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then, it may not be enough, but at least then we'll give the fuckers a fight."
Tormund: "He's prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. He's young, but he knows how to lead. He came because he needs us, and we need him."
Loboda "My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow."
Karsi "So would mine, but fuck 'em. They're dead."

