Memorable Quotes
Margaery Tyrell: "Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you - it's a bit early in the day for us."

Petyr Baelish: "You've been running all your life. Terrible things have happened to your family, and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy, from the day they executed your father. There's no justice in the world, not unless we make it. You loved your family...avenge them."
Brienne of Tarth: "Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love."
Varys: "Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously."
Jon Snow: "I heard it was best to keep your enemies close."
Stannis Baratheon: "Whoever said that didn't have many enemies."

Roose Bolton: "I have something important to tell you. Stop eating and listen. We don't have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?"
Ramsay Bolton: "Our pact with the Lannisters protects..."
Roose: "I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away, dealing with that fact. They've never once, in the history of the Seven Kingdoms, sent their army this far North. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We've become a Great House, by entering into alliance with other Houses and parlaying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance, isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. Now that you're a Bolton by Royal decree, it's high time you married a suitable bride, and as it happens, I've found the perfect girl to solidify our hold on the North."

Brothel guard: "It's good luck to rub a dwarf's head."
Tyrion Lannister: "It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock."

Janos Slynt: "I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes. Keep your ruin."
Jon: "You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armor, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard."
Janos: "I will not go meekly off to freeze and die. Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you! I will not have it! Do you hear me, boy?! I will not have it!"
Jon: "Are you refusing to obey my order?"
Janos: "You can stick your order up your bastard arse!"
Jon: "Take Lord Janos outside. Olly, bring me my sword."

Jon: "If you have any last words, my lord, now's the time."
Janos: "I was wrong! You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you! I'm sorry! Not only for this, for all I've done and said! I was wrong! My lord, please, mercy! Mercy! I'll go, I will! Please.......I'm afraid........I've always been afraid......."

