Memorable Quotes
Alliser Thorne: "You have a good heart, Jon Snow. It'll get us all killed."

Doran Martell: "Many in Dorne want war but I've seen war. I've seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. I've seen the orphans starving in the cities. I don't want to lead my people into that Hell."
Ellaria Sand: "No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters."
Doran Martell: "And that is precisely what we're doing. Let us drink to Tommen, the First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms!" They all drink except Ellaria, who deliberately tilts her cup over, spilling wine over the floor. "King Tommen insists on his sister's return to the Capital."
Jaime Lannister: "I'm afraid he does."
Doran Martell: "I cannot disobey my King's command. She will return with you to King's Landing and my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue their engagement must stand."
Jaime Lannister: I accept.
Doran Martell: "One more thing. My brother was named to the Small Council before his death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the fold. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the Small Council."
Jaime Lannister: "You have my word."
Ellaria Sand: "The word of a Kingslayer!" Stands up, walks to Doran. "No wonder you can't stand! You have no spine!"
Doran Martell: Grabs her wrist hard. "You are mother of four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long and happy life. Speak to me that way again, and you won't."

Doran Martell: "Your rebellion is over. You can swear your allegiance to me now or you can die." After a long pause, Ellaria kneels and tearfully kisses Doran's ring; she raises her head and stares at him. "I believe in second chances. I don't believe in third chances."
Elllaria Sand: "You think I disapprove? Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me, where you are from. Here no one blinked an eye. A hundred years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you'd been named Targaryen. It's always changing, who we're supposed to love and who we're not. The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want."
