Memorable Quotes
Samwell Tarly: "Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading. Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true, but when he was wounded, it was Jon who saved us. He took charge of the Wall's defense, he killed the Magnar of the Thenns, he went north to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing that it certainly meant his own death. Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont. Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward. He saw something in Jon and now we've all seen it too. He may be young, but he's the commander we turned to when the night was darkest."

Arya Stark: "Well, who are you then?"
Jaqen H'ghar: "No one, and that is what a girl must become."

Arya Stark: "Nothing's worth anything to a dead man."
Tyrion Lannister: "We've already got a ruler. Everywhere's already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it."
Cersei Lannister: "They blame us for the death of Oberyn, and his sister, and every other tragedy that's befallen their cursed country! I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!"
Jaime Lannister: "Softer!"
Cersei: "What?!"
Jaime: "Not so loud."
Cersei: "Our daughter's in danger, and you're worried I'm speaking too loudly?!"
Jaime: "The world can't know she's our daughter."
Cersei: "Then don't call her your daughter! You've never been a father to her!"
Jaime: "If I was a father to any of my children, they'd be stoned in the streets!"
Cersei: "And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding, our only daughter shipped off to Dorne, our baby boy set to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden!"
Jaime: "I'm gonna make things better."
Cersei: "You've never made anything better."
Jaime: "I'm going to Dorne, and I'm bringing our daughter home."

Ellaria Sand: "Your brother was murdered, and you sit here in the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing."
Doran Martell: "Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is no murder."
Ellaria Sand: "Your brother!"
Doran Martell: "You don't have to remind me! He was my brother long before he was anything to you."
Ellaria Sand: "What will you do about his death?"
Doran Martell: "I will bury him, I will mourn for him."
Ellaria Sand: "And then?"
Doran Martell: "You would have me go to war?"
Ellaria Sand: "The whole country would have you go to war."
Doran Martell: "Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide."
Ellaria Sand: "The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge their father while you sit here in your chair, doing nothing. Oberyn is dead and this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens, eating our food, breathing our air! How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill? Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei, one finger at a time."
Doran Martell: "I loved my brother, and you made him very happy. For that, you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule."
Ellaria Sand: "And how long will that be?"

Barristan Selmy: "Your Grace? A word, please, I beg you."
Daenerys Targaryen: "About what?"
Barristan Selmy: "About your father. About the Mad King."
Daenerys Targaryen: "The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded."
Barristan Selmy: "Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first. Your enemies did not lie."
Daenerys Targaryen: "Go on."
Barristan Selmy: "When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to a rebellion that killed every Targaryen. Except two."
Daenerys Targaryen: "I'm not my father."
Barristan Selmy: "No, your Grace. Thank the Gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved, and each time, it made him feel powerful and right. Until the very end."

