Memorable Quotes
Eddison Tollett: "I was with you at Hardhome. We saw what's out there. We know it's coming here. How can you leave us now?"
Jon Snow: "I did everything I could. You know that."
Eddison: "You swore a vow."
Jon: "Aye, I pledged my life to the Night's Watch. I gave my life."
Eddison: "For all nights to come."
Jon: "They killed me, Edd! My own brothers. You want me to stay here after that?

Sansa Stark: "We never should have left Winterfell. Don't you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, 'Don't go, you idiot.'"
Jon Snow: "How could we know?"
Sansa: "I spent a lot of time thinking about what an ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything."
Jon: "We were children."
Sansa: "I was awful, just admit it."
Jon: "You were occasionally awful. I'm sure I can't have been great fun. Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played."
Sansa: "Can you forgive me?"
Jon: "There's nothing to forgive."
Sansa: "Forgive me."
Jon: "All right. All right, I forgive you."

Jon: "If I don't watch over you, Father's ghost will come back and murder me."
Sansa: "Where will we go?"
Jon: "I can't stay here, not after what happened."
Sansa: "There's only one place we can go. Home."
Jon: "Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?"
Sansa: "We'll take it back from them."
Jon: "I don't have an army."
Sansa: "How many wildlings did you save?"
Jon: "They didn't come here to serve me."
Sansa: "They owe you their lives. You think they'll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?"
Jon: "Sansa."
Sansa: "Winterfell is our home. It's ours and Arya's and Bran's and Rickon's. Wherever they are, it belongs to our family. We have to fight for it."
Jon: "I'm tired of fighting. It's all I've done since I left home. I've killed brothers of the Night's Watch. I've killed wildlings. I've killed men that I admire. I hanged a boy younger than Bran. I fought and I lost."
Sansa: "If we don't take back the North, we'll never be safe. I want you to help me. But I'll do it myself if I have to."

Yara Greyjoy: "Men died trying to rescue you. Good men. My men."
Theon Greyjoy: "I'm sorry."
Yara: "You were my brother. You were a spoiled little cunt, but you were my brother and I risked everything for you and you betrayed me."
Theon: "I know. I know and I'm sorry."
Yara: "Stop saying that."
Theon: "He broke me. He broke me into a thousand pieces."
Yara: "I know."
Theon: "You don't know."
Yara: "He sent us one of those pieces. That's why I came for you. Why did you come here?"
Theon: "Where else could I go?"
Yara: "You heard Father was dead and you thought you'd claim the crown?"
Theon: "No, no. I only heard he died after we docked."
Yara: "You happen to show up on Pyke right before the kingsmoot?"
Theon: "I didn't know."
Yara: "You think any ironborn wants you to be king after what you've done?"
Theon: "I don't want to be king."
Yara: "What do you want?"
Theon: "I should have listened to you. You're the only one..."
Yara: "That doesn't matter anymore. Stop crying! Look at me! Tell me what you want."
Theon: "You should rule the Iron Islands. Let me help you."

Ramsay Bolton: "You've seen my banners? The flayed man. Does that worry you at all?"
Osha: "You eat them after?"
Ramsay: chuckles "No."
Osha: "Then I've seen worse."

Jon receives a letter from Ramsay.
Jon: Reading "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow, You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind and you've betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard, come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon. His direwolf's skin is on my floor, come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride North to slaughter every wildling - man, woman, and babe - living under your protection. You..."
Sansa: "Go on."
Jon: "Just more of the same."
Sansa: Reading "You will watch as I skin them living. You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister. You will watch as my dogs devour your wild little brother. Then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest. Come and see. Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North."
Jon: "Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North?"
Sansa: "His father's dead. Ramsay killed him. And now he has Rickon."
Jon: "We don't know that."
Sansa: "Yes, we do."
Tormund: "How many men does he have in his army?"
Sansa: "I heard him say five thousand once when he was talking about Stannis's attack."
Jon: "How many do you have?"
Tormund: "That can march and fight? Two thousand. The rest are children and old people."
Sansa: "You're the son of the last true Warden of the North. The northern families are loyal, they'll fight for you if you ask. A monster has taken our home and our brother. We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both."

Daenerys Targaryen: "And here, now, what what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you'll raid, how many girls you'll get to fuck, how many horses you'll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will."
 