Yara Greyjoy: "My brother is dead."

Ramsay Snow: "I have a treat for you. A reward."
Reek: "Reward?"
Ramsay: "Yes Reek. Those creatures who came in the night...they wanted to take you away. And you didn't let them. You remained loyal."
Reek: "I didn't want them to take me. I was so scared! I didn't want them..."
Ramsay: "Yes, yes, Reek." He approaches Theon, who quivers in fear. "It's a bath. For you.

Ramsay: "Do you love me, Reek?"Reek: "Yes of course, my lord."
Ramsay: "Good. Because I need you to do something for me, something very important. There's a castle, you see. Some bad men hold this castle. I need your help to take this castle back."
Reek: "How can..."
Ramsay: "I need you to play a role. To pretend to be someone you're not."
Reek: "Pretend to be whom?"
Ramsay: "Theon Greyjoy."

Davos Seaworth: "There's only one reliable leader left in
Westeros; Stannis. He's got the birthright, he's in his prime, he's a tried and tested battle commander, and he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it."

Tyrion Lannister: "You once said that without me, this city would have faced certain defeat. You said that the histories would never mention me, but you would not forget. Have you forgotten, Lord Varys?"
​Varys: "Sadly, my lord, I never forget a thing."

Tyrion: "Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess."
Tywin Lannister: "You wish to confess?"
Tyrion: To the audience of the trial "I saved you. I saved this city and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!"
Tywin: "Tyrion! Do you wish to confess?"
Tyrion: "Yes, Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear!?"
Tywin: "You admit you've poisoned the King?"
Tyrion: "No, of that I am innocent. I am guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I am guilty of being a dwarf."
Tyrion: "Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!"
Tywin: "Have you nothing to say on your defense?"
Tyrion: "Nothing but this: I did not do it. I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had!" Watching your vicious bastard die give me more relief than a thousand lying whores! To the crowd "I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it!"
Tywin: "Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!"
Tyrion: "I will not give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate! I demand a trial by combat!"

