Memorable Quotes
Eddison Tollett: "Whoever dies last, be a good lad and burn the rest of us. Once I am done with this world, I don't want to come back."

Jorah Mormont: "What's this?"
Barristan Selmy: "A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. You spied on her."
Jorah: "Who gave you this?"
Barristan: "Does it matter?"
Jorah: "Have you told her?"
Barristan: "I wanted to tell you first, man-to-man rather than go behind your back."
Jorah: "Let me speak with her in private."
Barristan: "You'll never be alone with her again."

Daenerys Targaryen: "Why did the Usurper pardon you?"
Jorah: "If we could speak alone."
Daenerys: "No, speak to me here. Explain it to me."
Jorah: "Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him."
Daenerys: "The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged."
Jorah: "It is not forged."

Daenerys: "That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information."
Jorah: "I stopped you from drinking his wine."
Daenerys: "Because you knew it was poisoned."
Jorah: "I suspected."
Daenerys: "You betrayed me from the first."
Jorah: "Forgive me. I never meant...please, Khaleesi, forgive me."
Daenerys: "You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne..."
Jorah: "I have protected you. Fought for you. Killed for you."
Daenerys: "...and you want me to forgive you!?"
Jorah: "I have loved you."

Daenerys: "Love? Love!? How can you say that to me? Any other man and I would have you executed, but you, I don't want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing, collect your pardon if you can."
Jorah: "Daenerys, please."
Daenerys: "Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you are found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go...now."

Ramsay Bolton: "Come, Reek! I will be needing a bath!"
Arya Stark: "I'd have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to."
​Sandor Clegane: "I'd pay good money to see that."

Petyr Baelish: "Everybody dies, sooner or later. Don't worry about your death. Worry about your life. Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts."
Tyrion Lannister: "A trial by combat, deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the gods."
Tyrion Lannister: "It turns out, far too much has been written about great men but not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right."
Ellaria Sand: "You're going to fight that!?
Oberyn Martell: "I'm going to kill that!"

Ellaria: "Don't leave me alone in this world."
Oberyn: "Never."

Oberyn: "Have they told you who I am?"
Gregor Clegane: "Some dead man!"
Oberyn: "I am the brother of Elia Martell. And do you know why I've come all the way to this stinking shitpile of a city? For you. I am going to hear you confess before you die: You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now, and we can make this quick."

Oberyn: You're dying? No, no, no, you can't die yet. You haven't confessed! Say it! Say her name! Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell! Who gave you the order? WHO GAVE YOU THE ORDER?! Points accusingly at Tywin, who looks uneasy. Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children! Say it! Say her name! SAY IT!"
Gregor trips Oberyn to the ground, grasps his neck, and smashes his fist squarely into his face, knocking out many of his teeth. Berserk with fury at nearly being killed, Gregor pins Oberyn to the ground and proceeds to gouge out his eyeballs, making Oberyn scream in agony.
Gregor: "Elia Martell! I killed her children, then I raped her! Then I smashed her head in...like this!​"
Gregor crushes Oberyn's skull, making Ellaria scream in horror. Gregor collapses besides his fallen opponent.
Tywin Lannister: "The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of his Name, you are hereby sentenced to death."

