Tyrion Lannister: "A toast to the proud Lannister children: The dwarf, the cripple, and the Mother of Madness."

Bronn: "Problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to. And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me."
Melisandre: "There is only one hell... the one we live in now."
Ramsay Snow: "I hear you took a hand from the Kingslayer!"
Locke: Word travels. How he screamed! You would have loved it.

Ramsay: "Reek, tell father, where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
Reek "I don't know, my lord."
Roose Bolton: "You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell."
Ramsay: "Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?"
Reek: "No, my lord. Just two farm boys."
Ramsay: "And crisped them so no one would know."
Reek: "Yes, my lord."
Ramsay: "The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone." Reek stops shaving Ramsay. "Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you, but my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that?"
Reek pauses a moment, his razor resting on Ramsay's jugular vein, but then he resumes shaving his master.
Roose: "You ready for a hunt?"
Locke: "Always."
Roose: "Find those boys and I'll give a thousand acres and a holdfast."
Locke: "Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?"
Reek: "Jon Snow is at Castle Black."
Locke: "Who the fuck's Jon Snow?"
Roose: "Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are."
Ramsay: "Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. He could be a threat."
Roose: "You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and I'll reconsider your position."

Joffrey Baratheon: "Such a great sword should have a name. What shall I call her?"
Man 1: Stormbringer!
Man 2: Terminus!
Man 3: Widow's Wail!
Man 4: Wolfsbane!
Joffrey: Widow's Wail, I like that! Every time I use it, it'll be like cutting off Ned Stark's head all over again.

Oberyn Martell: "I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked."
Olenna Tyrell: "Killing a man at a wedding? Horrid. What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage."
Jaime Lannister: "If you were to marry Cersei, she'd murder you in your sleep. If you somehow managed to put a child in her first, she'd murder him, too, long before he drew his first breath. Luckily for you, none of this will happen because you'll never marry her."
Loras Tyrell: "And neither will you."

Joffrey: "Well fought, well fought! Here you are--champion's purse. Though... you're not really the champion, yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others who still dare to challenge my reign? Uncle? How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume."
Tyrion: "One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night."
Enraged and humiliated, Joffrey walks over to Tyrion and empties his goblet over his uncle's head.
Tyrion: "Fine vintage. A shame that it spilled."
Joffrey: "It did not spill."
Margaery Tyrell: "My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast."
Joffrey: "Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cupbearer, seeing as you're too cowardly to fight."
Tyrion: "Your Grace does me a great honor."
Joffrey: "It's not meant as an honor."

Joffrey: "Kneel. Kneel before your king. Kneel." Tyrion glares at his nephew in defiance. "I said...KNEEL!"
Margaery: "Look, the pie!"

Joffrey: "Uncle! Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?"
Tyrion: "I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace."
Joffrey: "No, no, no. You're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine. Well, hurry up! This pie is dry!"
Tyrion gets the goblet and gives it to Joffrey, who gulps down its contents.
Joffrey: "Mm. Good. Needs washing down."
Tyrion: "If it please, Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired..."
Joffrey: "No!" Joffrey starts to cough but tries to finish his command. "No, you'll wait here...un..."
Tyrion: "Your Grace?"
Joffrey: "It's nothing!"
Cersei and Tywin both shift in their chairs, realising something is wrong; Joffrey, gasping for breath, turns towards Margaery, who sees the alarm on his face.
Margaery: "He's choking!"
Olenna: "Help the poor boy!"
Joffrey staggers away from the table, choking frantically.
Olenna: "Idiots, help your king!"
Jaime: "Move away!" He pushes his way through the crowd and runs towards Joffrey as he collapses, choking and vomiting. "Joffrey! Joffrey!"
Cersei Lannister: "Help him!" She shoves past Margaery and runs toward her son. "Someone help him!"
Jaime: "Joffrey!"
Cersei: "Joffrey!"
Dontos Hollard: To Sansa "Come with me now."
Cersei: "Joffrey! Joffrey!"
Dontos: "If you want to live, we have to leave."
Cersei: "Don't touch him! Joffrey! Please! My God, what is it? Help him!"
With his last ounce of strength, Joffrey points to Tyrion as he is picking up the cup that Joffrey just drank from. Cersei glares at her brother with pure rage then turns back to her son as he bleeds from his nose and eyes, and wheezes out his final breath before he finally stops convulsing and dies.
Cersei: "My son!" To Tyrion "You did this! You poisoned my son! Your king! Take him! Take him! Take him! TAKE HIM!"

