Memorable Quotes
Ygritte: "Jon Snow is mine. Anyone else tries to kill him, I'll have an arrow for them."

Styr: "Let's kill some crows!"
Alliser Thorne: "Brothers! A hundred generations have defended this castle. She has never fallen before and she will not fall tonight. Those are Thenns on our walls, they eat the flesh of the men they kill! Do you want to fill the belly of a Thenn tonight? Tonight we fight! And when the sun rises, I promise you, Castle Black will stand! The Night's Watch will stand! With me now, now with me!"
Pypar: "Sam, I think we are going to die."
Samwell Tarly: "If you keep missing, we will."

Maester Aemon: "Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death."
Donnel Hill: "How are we gonna stop that?!"
Cooper: "He's got twenty arrows in him already!"
Grenn: "You heard Jon, we hold the Gate!"
Hill: "Jon Snow's not Lord Commander!"
Grenn: "We hold the Gate!"
Mag the Mighty pushes his way under the outer gate and lets it fall closed behind him; straightening up, he looks down the tunnel at the Watchmen.
Hill: "Mother save me! Father save me!"
Grenn: "The Gods aren't down here! It's just the six of us, do you hear me?!"
Mag roars and begins to move towards them; Hill tries to withdraw, but Grenn grabs him and pulls him back to the Gate.
Hill: "Please!"
Grenn: "'Night gathers, and so my Watch begins. It shall not end until my death! I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children!'"
Grenn and the other four Watchmen: "'I shall wear no crowns, win no glory! I shall live and die by my post!'"
All six Watchmen: "'I am the Sword in the Darkness! I am the Watcher on the Walls! I am the Shield that guards the Realms of Men! They all draw their swords as the giant closes in. I PLEDGE MY LIFE TO THE NIGHT'S WATCH, FOR THIS NIGHT, AND FOR ALL THE NIGHTS TO COME!'"

Ygritte: "Do you remember the cave? We should have stayed in the cave."
Jon Snow: We'll go back there."
Ygritte: "You know nothing, Jon Snow."

Eddison Tollett: "Drop the scythe, boys!"
Tormund Giantsbane: " I should have thrown you from the top of the Wall, boy!"
Jon Snow: dejectedly "Aye, you should have."​

